1
  
MENU FOR 2/02/25
Monday - Date + Orange Glazed Chicken with Roasted Cauliflower + Garlic Swiss Chard
Tuesday - One-Pot Veggie Couscous with Olive Tapenade
Wednesday - Caramelized Onion Beef Stew + Dumplings with Harvest Salad
Thursday - Garlic Swiss Chard + Cauliflower Spaghetti with Olive Tapenade and Harvest Salad
  
DINI'S TIPS & TRICKS
Mince 13 garlic cloves all at once at the start of your prep day and use that for all the recipes.
Make this week GLUTEN-FREE by using gluten-free couscous, gluten-free flour, gluten-free dumpling mix,
and substituting the soy sauce for tamari.
Use any desired dry red wine such as merlot, pinot noir, or syrah.
Swap the swiss chard for kale or collard greens if desired.
Use any desired vegetables in the couscous, such as green beans and asparagus.
Use your favorite seasonal dried herbs in the beef stew, such as oregano or sage.
2
Grocery List for the Week of 2/02/25
4 SERVINGS
  
Produce
  16 garlic cloves (#2, #3, #4, #5, #6, #7)
  3 heads cauliflower (#1)
  3.5 sweet onions (#2, #3, #7)
  2 celery stalks (#2)
  3 carrots (#2)
  1 large gold potato (#2)
  1 red bell pepper (#3)
  8 ounces mushrooms (#3)
  1 shallot (#4)
  5 bunches swiss chard (#4)
  1 orange (#5)
  2 inch knob ginger (#5)
  2 tablespoons fresh parsley (#6)
  2 tablespoons fresh basil (#6)
  1 lemon (#6)
  16 cups mixed greens
  Red grapes
Pantry
  Avocado oil
  Extra virgin olive oil
  Salt
  Black pepper
  Dried rosemary
  Dried thyme
  Paprika
  Bay leaves
  1/3 cup all purpose flour (#2)
  2 tablespoons tomato paste (#2)
  1/3 cup balsamic vinegar (#2, #7)
  4 cups beef broth (#2)
  1 cup dry red wine (#2)
  3/4 cup dry white wine (#3)
  1 , 15 ounce can chickpeas (#3)
  1 , 15 ounce can fire roasted tomatoes (#3)
  1 cup dairy free milk of choice
  3 tablespoons soy sauce (#5)
  1.25 cup orange juice (#5)
  6 pitted medjool dates (#5)
  1/3 cup honey (#5, #7)
  12 ounces pitted castelvetrano olives (#6)
  3 sun dried tomatoes in oil (#6)
  1 tablespoon nonpareil capers (#6)
  1/2 cup cornstarch
  1.5 cups pearl couscous
  2.5 cups vegetable broth
  1.25 cup store bought dumpling mix
  Fennel seeds
  1 pound spaghetti pasta
3
Dairy / frozen
  1 cup green peas (#3)
  2 eggs (#5)
  1 cup grated parmesan cheese
Poultry / meat / fish
  2 pounds stew beef (#2)
  2 pounds chicken breast (#5)
4
Sunday Prep for the Week of 2/02/25
4 SERVINGS
1. Roasted Cauliflower
  
INGREDIENTS:
  3 heads cauliflower, cut into florets
  2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
  Pinch salt and pepper
  
DIRECTIONS:
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees Fahrenheit. Toss the
cauliflower florets with the oil and a pinch of salt and
pepper and spread on a baking sheet. Roast in the oven
for 20-25 minutes, or until browned and tender as
desired. Let cool, then cover and refrigerate.
  
2. Caramelized Onion Beef Stew
  
INGREDIENTS:
  2 pounds stew beef or chuck roast, cut into 1
inch chunks
  1/3 cup all purpose flour
  4 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, divided
  2 sweet onions, thinly sliced
  3 garlic cloves, minced
  2 celery stalks
  3 carrots, diced
  1 large gold potato, diced in ½ inch chunks
  2 tablespoons tomato paste
  1 cup dry red wine
  2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar
  1/2 teaspoon dried rosemary
  1/2 teaspoon paprika
  1/4 teaspoon dried thyme
  1/2 teaspoon pepper
  1 teaspoon salt
  1 bay leaf
  4 cups beef broth
  
DIRECTIONS:
Toss the beef with the flour until the beef is coated. Heat
2 tablespoons of the oil in a large pot or dutch oven over
medium high heat. Once hot, add the beef and brown for
about 2 minutes on each side, working in two batches if
necessary. Once the beef is browned, remove and set
aside. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons of oil and the
onions to the pot. Caramelize the onions for about 20
minutes, stirring frequently, until golden brown. It’s okay
if they aren't fully caramelized at this point. Add the garlic
and saute for another minute. Add the celery, potatoes,
and carrots and saute for about 5 minutes. Add the
tomato paste and saute for another minute. Add the wine
and balsamic vinegar and cook for another minute or
two, deglazing and scraping the browned bits from the
bottom of the pan. Stir in the rosemary, paprika, thyme,
pepper, salt, bay leaf, and beef broth. Add the beef back
to the pan. Bring to a low boil then reduce the heat to
simmer. Simmer for about 30 minutes, then check on the
vegetables and beef. If they aren’t quite tender to your
liking, continue cooking for another 15-30 minutes.
Remove the bay leaf. Remove from the heat, let cool,
then cover and refrigerate.
  
3. One-Pot Veggie Couscous
  
INGREDIENTS:
  2 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil
  1 small sweet onion, diced
  1 red bell pepper, diced
  8 ounces mushrooms, sliced
  4 garlic cloves, minced
  
DIRECTIONS:
Heat a large skillet over medium heat and add the oil.
When the oil is hot, add the onion, bell pepper, and
mushrooms. Saute until mostly tender, about 5 minutes.
Stir in the garlic, paprika, salt and pepper. Saute another
2-3 minutes. Stir in the wine and let cook, scraping and
deglazing the pan, for 2-3 minutes or until the wine has
5
  1 teaspoon paprika
  1 teaspoon salt
  1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
  3/4 cup dry white wine
  1 , 15 ounce can chickpeas
  1 , 15 ounce can fire roasted tomatoes
  1 cup green peas
cooked off. Stir in the chickpeas, tomatoes, and peas.
Remove from the heat, let cool, then cover and
refrigerate.
  
4. Garlic Swiss Chard
  
INGREDIENTS:
  2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
  1 shallot, finely diced
  5 bunches swiss chard, chopped in 2” pieces
  2 cloves garlic, minced
  Pinch salt and pepper
  
DIRECTIONS:
Heat a large skillet over medium heat and add the oil.
When the oil is hot, add the shallot and saute until almost
tender, about 5 minutes. Add the chard, garlic, and a
pinch of salt and pepper and cook until wilted and mostly
tender, about 5 minutes. Let cool, then cover and
refrigerate.
  
5. Date Orange Chicken
  
INGREDIENTS:
  2 pounds chicken breast, diced in 1” chunks
  1 egg white, whisked
  3 tablespoon soy sauce, divided
  Pinch salt and pepper
  1.25 cup orange juice
  1 orange, zest of
  6 pitted medjool dates
  1/4 cup honey
  3 garlic cloves
  2 inch knob ginger, grated
  
DIRECTIONS:
Toss the chicken with the egg white, 1 tablespoon soy
sauce, and a pinch of salt and pepper. Cover and
refrigerate. To a blender, add the orange juice, zest,
dates, garlic, ginger, honey, and 2 tablespoons soy
sauce. Blend on high until smooth, about 45 seconds.
Cover and refrigerate the orange sauce.
  
6. Olive Tapenade
  
INGREDIENTS:
  12 ounces pitted castelvetrano olives, halved
  3 sundried tomatoes in oil
  2 tablespoons sundried tomato oil
  2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
  3 garlic cloves, minced
  2 tablespoons fresh parsley, roughly chopped
  2 tablespoons fresh basil, roughly chopped
  1 tablespoon nonpareil capers
  1 lemon, juice and zest of
  
DIRECTIONS:
Add all ingredients to a food processor and pulse until
ingredients are roughly chopped and well combined.
Store in an airtight container in the refrigerator.
6
  
7. Sweet Onion Balsamic Vinaigrette
  
INGREDIENTS:
  1/2 cup extra virgin olive oil
  1/2 cup chopped sweet onion
  1/4 cup balsamic vinegar
  2 tablespoons honey
  1 clove garlic, minced
  Pinch salt and pepper
  
DIRECTIONS:
Add all ingredients to a high speed blender. Blend on
high until smooth, about 30 seconds. Store in an airtight
container in the refrigerator.
7
 
 Monday Rally
Date + Orange Glazed Chicken with
Roasted Cauliflower + Garlic Swiss
Chard
4 SERVINGS
INGREDIENTS :
 
Date + Orange Glazed Chicken
Roasted Cauliflower (¾)
Garlic Swiss Chard (½)
 
Additional Ingredients:
½ cup cornstarch (or ¼ cup for 2
servings and ¾ cup for 6 servings)
2 tablespoons avocado oil (or 1
tablespoon for 2 servings and 3
tablespoons for 6 servings)
DIRECTIONS :
Heat a large skillet over medium high heat and add the oil. While the oil is
heating, place the cornstarch in a shallow bowl to dredge. Dredge each
piece of chicken in the cornstarch, then place in the hot pan. Pan fry until
golden brown on each side, then remove and set aside. Pour the orange
sauce in the skillet and cook, stirring often, until slightly thickened, about
3-5 minutes. Add the chicken back to the pan and cook, coating in the
sauce, until the chicken is cooked through, about 5-10 more minutes.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit and spread the cauliflower
and swiss chard on a baking sheet. Reheat the vegetables in the oven
until warmed through, about 10 minutes. Broil if desired for extra
crispiness. Serve the orange chicken with the cauliflower and chard on the
side.
8
 
 Tuesday Rally
One-Pot Veggie Couscous with Olive
Tapenade
4 SERVINGS
INGREDIENTS :
One-Pot Veggie Couscous
Olive Tapenade (½)
 
Additional Ingredients
1 ½ cups pearl couscous (or ¾ cups for
2 servings and 2 ¼ cups for 6 servings)
2 ½ cups vegetable broth (or 1 ¼ cups
for 2 servings and 3 ¾ cups for 6
servings)
Lemon wedges, to serve
Parsley, to serve
DIRECTIONS :
Heat the vegetable mixture in a skillet over medium heat until warmed. Stir
in the couscous and saute for about 3-4 minutes. Stir in the vegetable
broth and bring to a low boil. Reduce the heat to simmer, then cover and
cook for about 25 minutes or until the couscous is tender. Serve the
veggie couscous warm with the olive tapenade spooned on top.
9
 
 Wednesday Rally
Caramelized Onion Beef Stew +
Dumplings with Harvest Salad
4 SERVINGS
INGREDIENTS :
Caramelized Onion Beef Stew
Sweet Onion Balsamic Vinaigrette (½)
 
Additional Ingredients
1 ¼ cup store bought dumpling mix
1 cup dairy free milk of choice
1 egg
8 cups mixed greens (or 4 cups for 2
servings and 12 cups for 6 servings)
Red grapes, halved
Fennel seeds
DIRECTIONS :
Whisk together the dumpling mix, milk, and egg until well combined. Heat
the beef stew in the dutch oven over medium heat until simmering. Scoop
the dumpling mix in dollops on top of the beef stew. Reduce the heat to
medium low on a small burner, cover, and let cook for 20-25 minutes or
until the dumplings are plump and cooked through. Toss the greens with
the vinaigrette and top with grapes and fennel seeds. Serve the beef stew
and dumplings with the salad on the side.
10
 
 Thursday Rally
Garlic Swiss Chard + Cauliflower
Spaghetti with Olive Tapenade and
Harvest Salad
4 SERVINGS
INGREDIENTS :
Roasted Cauliflower (¼ )
Garlic Swiss Chard (½)
Olive Tapenade (½)
Sweet Onion Balsamic Vinaigrette (½)
 
Additional Ingredients
1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil
1 pound spaghetti pasta (or ½ pound
for 2 servings and 1 ½ pounds for 6
servings)
1 cup grated parmesan cheese (or ½ 
cup for 2 servings and 1 ½  cups for 6
servings)
Pinch salt and pepper
Toasted breadcrumbs — optional
8 cups mixed greens (or 4 cups for 2
servings and 12 cups for 6 servings)
Red grapes, halved
Fennel seeds
DIRECTIONS :
Heat a large, deep skillet over medium heat and add the oil. When the oil
is hot, add the cauliflower and chard. Heat until warmed through, about 3-4
minutes. Meanwhile, cook the pasta according to package directions, until
just al dente. Strain the pasta, reserving 1 cup of pasta water, then add the
spaghetti to the skillet with the cauliflower and chard. Stir in the parmesan
cheese, a pinch of salt and pepper, and a splash of pasta water. Add more
pasta water and cheese as desired for consistency. Toss the greens with
the vinaigrette and top with grapes and fennel seeds. Serve the pasta with
the salad on the side and the olive tapenade spooned on top. If desired,
top the pasta with toasted breadcrumbs as well.
Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)