1
  
MENU FOR 9/15/24
Monday - Pumpkin Curried Chili with Shaved Brussels Salad
Tuesday - One-Pot French Onion Pasta with Roasted Garlic Balsamic Cabbage
Wednesday - Roasted Turkey Breast with Cherry Sauce + Shaved Brussels Salad + Roasted Carrots
Thursday - Creamy Carrot + Miso Pasta with Garlic Balsamic Cabbage
  
DINI'S TIPS & TRICKS
Mince 20 garlic cloves all at once at the start of your prep day and use that for all the recipes.
Make this week GLUTEN-FREE by using gluten-free pasta, gluten-free cornbread mix, and omitting the
worcestershire sauce.
Use any desired short cut pasta such as rigatoni, pipe rigate, or penne.
Use any desired dry red wine such as merlot, pinot noir, or syrah.
Swap the dried cherries for dried cranberries if desired.
Use your favorite seasonal woody herbs for the turkey like oregano and thyme if desired.
For a more affordable option, swap the gruyere for swiss cheese.
2
Grocery List for the Week of 9/15/24
4 SERVINGS
  
Produce
  4.5 sweet onions (#1, #2, #5)
  20 garlic cloves (#1, #2, #3, #4, #5, #7, #8)
  1/2 inch knob ginger (#1)
  1 bunch fresh thyme (#2, #8)
  1/2 bunch fresh rosemary (#8)
  1/2 bunch fresh sage (#8)
  2 pounds carrots (#3)
  1 shallot (#3)
  2 medium heads green cabbage (#4)
  2 pounds brussels sprouts (#6)
  1 lemon (#8)
Pantry
  Avocado oil
  Extra virgin olive oil
  Salt
  Black pepper
  Curry powder
  Chili powder
  Ground cumin
  Bay leaves
  5 tablespoons tomato paste (#1, #5)
  1 , 15 ounce can fire roasted tomatoes (#1)
  1 , 15 ounce can tomato sauce (#1)
  1 , 15 ounce can pumpkin puree (#1)
  1 , 15 ounce can tri bean blend (#1)
  2.5 tablespoons pure maple syrup (#1, #2, #7)
  1 cup beef broth (#1)
  6 cups vegetable broth (#2, #3)
  1 cup dry red wine (#2, #5)
  1 tablespoon worcestershire sauce (#2)
  2 pounds short cut pasta (#2)
  1/2 cup raw cashews (#3)
  1 tablespoon white miso paste (#3)
  2 tablespoons honey (#4)
  1/4 cup balsamic vinegar (#4, #5)
  2 tablespoons brown sugar (#5)
  1 cup dried cherries (#6)
  1/2 cup roasted pumpkin seeds (#6)
  1/4 cup red wine vinegar (#7)
  1 tablespoon stone ground mustard (#7)
  10 ounce cornbread mix
Dairy / frozen
  2 cups shredded gruyere cheese (#2)
  1 , 10 ounce bag frozen dark cherries (#5)
Poultry / meat / fish
3
  1.5 pounds ground beef (#1)
  3 pounds bone-in, skin-on turkey breast (#8)
4
Sunday Prep for the Week of 9/15/24
4 SERVINGS
1. Pumpkin Curried Chili
  
INGREDIENTS:
  2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
  1 sweet onion, diced
  3 garlic cloves, minced
  1/2 inch knob ginger, grated
  1.5 pounds ground beef
  2 tablespoons tomato paste
  1 teaspoon salt
  1 teaspoon ground black pepper
  2 teaspoons curry powder
  1/2 tablespoon chili powder
  1/2 teaspoon ground cumin
  1 , 15 ounce can fire roasted tomatoes
  1 , 15 ounce can tomato sauce
  1 , 15 ounce can pumpkin puree
  1 , 15 ounce can tri bean blend, drained
  1 cup beef broth
  1 teaspoon pure maple syrup
  
DIRECTIONS:
Heat a large pot over medium heat and add the oil.
When the oil is hot, add the onion and saute until mostly
tender, about 5 minutes. Stir in the garlic and ginger and
saute for another minute or two. Add the ground beef
and cook until browned, about 5 minutes. Stir in the
tomato paste, salt, pepper, curry powder, chili powder,
and cumin and cook for another minute or two. Stir in the
tomatoes, tomato sauce, pumpkin, beans, beef broth,
and maple syrup. Bring to a low boil, then reduce the
heat and simmer for about 15 minutes. Let cool, then
cover and refrigerate.
  
2. One Pot French Onion Pasta
  
INGREDIENTS:
  2 tablespoons olive oil
  3 sweet onions, thinly sliced
  1 teaspoon pure maple syrup
  2 teaspoons fresh thyme, minced
  3 garlic cloves, minced
  3/4 cup dry red wine
  4 cups vegetable broth
  Pinch salt and pepper
  1 tablespoon worcestershire sauce
  1 bay leaf
  1 pound short cut pasta
  2 cups shredded gruyere cheese
  
DIRECTIONS:
Quick-caramelize the onions: Heat a large pot over
medium high heat and add the oil and onion. Cook,
stirring occasionally, until tender and browned in some
spots, about 20-30 minutes. Once the onions are
caramelized, add the maple syrup, thyme, and garlic and
saute for 2-3 minutes. Stir in the wine and let cook down
for about 2-3 minutes. Stir in the broth, pasta,
worcheshire, bay leaf, and a generous pinch of salt and
pepper. Cook, stirring often, for about 8-10 minutes or
until the pasta is just about al dente but a couple minutes
shy of being fully cooked through. Some leftover liquid
should remain. Stir in 1 cup of the gruyere cheese, then
pour into a medium-sized baking dish. Let cool, then top
with the remaining gruyere cheese. Cover and
refrigerate.
  
3. Roasted Carrots + Creamy Carrot Miso Sauce
  
INGREDIENTS:
  
DIRECTIONS:
5
  2 pounds carrots, halved lengthwise
  3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil, divided
  Salt and pepper
  1 shallot, diced
  4 cloves garlic, minced
  2 cups vegetable broth
  1/2 cup raw cashews
  1 tablespoon white miso paste
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees Fahrenheit. Toss the
carrots with half of the olive oil and a pinch of salt and
pepper. Spread in a single even layer on a baking sheet
and roast for about 25 minutes, flipping halfway through,
or until mostly tender. Set aside 5 of the carrots. Let the
remaining carrots cool, then refrigerate. Heat a medium
skillet over medium heat and add the remaining oil.
When the oil is hot, add the shallot. Saute until mostly
tender, about 5 minutes. Stir in the garlic and saute for
another 2-3 minutes. Add the broth, cashews, and miso
paste and reduce the heat to low. Simmer for about 5
minutes, then remove from heat. Add the cashew mixture
to a blender along with the reserved carrots and a pinch
of salt and pepper. Blend on high until completely
smooth, then store in an airtight container and
refrigerate.
  
4. Garlic Balsamic Cabbage
  
INGREDIENTS:
  2 medium heads green cabbage, sliced into ½”
steaks
  4 cloves garlic, minced
  2 tablespoons honey
  2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar
  1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil
  1/4 teaspoon salt
  1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
  
DIRECTIONS:
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees Fahrenheit. In a small
bowl, whisk together all ingredients except for the
cabbage. Place the cabbage steaks on a baking sheet
and brush with the garlic balsamic mixture. Transfer to
the oven and roast for 12-15 minutes or until almost
tender as desired. Cover and refrigerate.
  
5. Cherry Sauce
  
INGREDIENTS:
  1 tablespoon avocado oil
  1/2 sweet onion, very finely diced
  2 garlic cloves, minced
  1 , 10 ounce bag frozen dark cherries
  2 tablespoons brown sugar
  2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar
  3 tablespoons tomato paste
  1/4 cup dry red wine
  Salt and pepper
  
DIRECTIONS:
Heat a medium saucepan over medium heat and add the
oil. When the oil is hot, add the onion. Saute until mostly
tender, about 5 minutes. Stir in the garlic and cook for
another minute or two. Add remaining ingredients to the
saucepan and bring to a simmer. Cook, stirring
occasionally, until the sauce has thickened and the
cherries have reduced, similar to a cranberry sauce.
Remove from the heat and let cool. Transfer to an airtight
container and refrigerate.
  
6. Shaved Brussels Salad
  
INGREDIENTS:
  2 pounds brussels sprouts, trimmed
  
DIRECTIONS:
Shave or thinly slice the brussels sprouts and toss with
the dried cherries and pumpkin seeds. Cover and
6
  1 cup dried cherries
  1/2 cup roasted pumpkin seeds
refrigerate.
  
7. Maple Curry Vinaigrette
  
INGREDIENTS:
  1/2 cup extra virgin olive oil
  1/4 cup red wine vinegar
  1.5 tablespoons pure maple syrup
  1 tablespoon stone ground mustard
  1/2 teaspoon curry powder
  1 clove garlic, minced
  Pinch salt
  
DIRECTIONS:
Add all ingredients to a bowl or mason jar with a lid.
Whisk or shake the lidded jar until all ingredients are well
combined and emulsified. Cover and refrigerate.
  
8. Marinated Turkey Breast
  
INGREDIENTS:
  1/4 cup extra virgin olive oil
  3 cloves garlic, minced
  1 tablespoon fresh rosemary, chopped
  1 tablespoon fresh thyme, chopped
  1/2 tablespoon fresh sage, chopped
  1 lemon, zest of
  1 teaspoon salt
  1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
  3 pounds bone-in, skin-on turkey breast
  
DIRECTIONS:
Whisk together the olive oil, garlic, herbs, lemon zest,
salt, and pepper. Nestle the herby marinade under the
skin of the turkey breast and spread on top of the turkey.
Cover and refrigerate.
7
 
 Monday Rally
Pumpkin Curried Chili with Shaved
Brussels Salad
4 SERVINGS
INGREDIENTS :
Pumpkin Curried Chili
Shaved Brussels Salad (½)
Maple Curry Vinaigrette (½)
 
Additional Ingredients
10 ounces cornbread mix, batter
prepared according to package
instructions (or 5 ounces for 2 servings
and 15 ounces for 6 servings)
DIRECTIONS :
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit. If needed, transfer the chili to
an oven safe skillet or pot. Add dollops of the cornbread batter over the top
of the chili. Transfer to the oven and bake for about 30 minutes or until the
cornbread is baked through and the chili is warmed. Serve the chili and
cornbread with the salad on the side tossed with the vinaigrette.
8
 
 Tuesday Rally
One-Pot French Onion Pasta with
Roasted Garlic Balsamic Cabbage
4 SERVINGS
INGREDIENTS :
One-Pot French Onion Pasta
Garlic Balsamic Cabbage (½)
DIRECTIONS :
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit. Cover the baking dish with
pasta with foil and bake for about 45-50 minutes or until the pasta is
cooked/warmed through and the cheese is melted. Place the cabbage
steaks on a baking sheet and adjust the oven to a high broil. Transfer the
baking sheet to the oven and reheat for about 5-6 minutes or until the
cabbage is heated through and browned. Serve the pasta with the garlic
balsamic cabbage on the side.
9
 
 Wednesday Rally
Roasted Turkey Breast with Cherry
Sauce + Shaved Brussels Salad +
Roasted Carrots
4 SERVINGS
INGREDIENTS :
Marinated Turkey Breast
Cherry Sauce
Roasted Carrots
Shaved Brussels Salad (½)
Maple Curry Vinaigrette (½)
DIRECTIONS :
Remove the cherry sauce and turkey from the fridge and let both come to
room temperature, about 30-45 minutes. Place the carrots on a baking
sheet. Preheat the oven to 450 degrees Fahrenheit. Place the turkey
breast and marinade in a baking dish and roast for 30 minutes. Reduce
the heat to 350 degrees and roast for another 40-60 minutes or until turkey
is cooked through to 165 degrees Fahrenheit. In the last few minutes of
cooking, transfer the carrots to the oven and reheat for about 10 minutes
or until warmed through. If desired for further browning on the turkey, broil
on high for 3-5 minutes. Let rest for 15 minutes, then slice. Serve the
turkey breast with the roasted carrots and the salad on the side tossed
with the vinaigrette.
10
 
 Thursday Rally
Creamy Carrot + Miso Pasta with Garlic
Balsamic Cabbage
4 SERVINGS
INGREDIENTS :
Creamy Carrot Miso Sauce
Garlic Balsamic Cabbage (½)
 
Additional Ingredients:
1 pound short cut pasta (or 1/2 pound
for 2 servings and 1 1/2 pounds for 6
servings)
Toasted breadcrumbs — optional
DIRECTIONS :
Cook the pasta according to package directions, until al dente. Reserve 1
cup pasta water and strain the pasta. Heat the carrot miso sauce in a large
saucepan or skillet over medium heat, until warmed. Add the drained
pasta and splash of pasta water and stir to combine and coat the pasta
with the sauce. Add another splash or more of pasta water as desired for
thinner consistency. Place the cabbage steaks on a baking sheet and heat
the oven to a high broil. Transfer the baking sheet to the oven and reheat
for about 5-6 minutes or until the cabbage is heated through and browned.
Serve the pasta with toasted breadcrumbs on top if desired and the garlic
balsamic cabbage on the side.
Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)