MENU FOR 8/18/24
1
    Monday - Beer Battered Cod Tacos w/ Cilantro Garlic Aioli, Cowboy Caviar, + Roasted Summer Squash
Tuesday - Thai Coconut Chicken Skewers w/ Carrot Ginger Sauce, Sauteed Green Beans, + Scallion Coconut Rice
Wednesday - Cowboy Caviar Lettuce Cups w/ Tortilla Chips + Cilantro Garlic Aioli
Thursday - Summer Corn + Squash Orecchiette Pasta
DINI'S TIPS & TRICKS
Mince 11 garlic cloves all at once at the start of your prep day and use that for all the recipes.
Make this week GLUTEN-FREE by using gluten-free orecchiette pasta, tamarai instead of soy sauce, and gluten free 1-to-1 flour and gluten-free beer for the cod tacos.
Substitute the green beans for asparagus for another veggie option.
Swap the chicken thighs for chicken breast if preferred.
Swap the corn on the cob with frozen + thawed corn for a quicker prep.
Use only all-purpose flour in the beer batter if you don’t have white rice flour.

Grocery List for the Week of 8/18/24
4 SERVINGS
Produce
2
 Pantry
15 garlic cloves (#5, #6, #7) 4 yellow summer squash (#1) 4 zucchini (#1)
2 pounds green beans (#2)
6 corn cobs (#3)
3 limes (#3, #7)
1.5 bell pepper (#3)
1 red onion (#3)
1 bunch cilantro (#3, #7)
1 jalapeno - optional (#3)
7 scallions (#4, #7)
4 inch knob ginger (#5, #6)
4 medium carrots (#6)
Bibb lettuce
1 lemon
Extra virgin olive oil Avocado oil
Salt
Black pepper Garlic powder
Chili powder
3 tablespoons white vinegar (#3)
3 tablespoons honey (#3)
2 15 ounce cans black beans (#3)
2 15 ounce cans black eyed peas (#3)
1.5 cups uncooked jasmine rice (#4)
1 14 oz can full fat coconut milk (#4)
1/4 cup toasted coconut flakes - optional (#4) 1/4 cup regular soy sauce (#5)
1/4 cup full fat coconut cream (#5)
1/4 cup pure maple syrup (#4, #6)
1/4 cup rice vinegar (#6)
2 tablespoons white miso paste (#6)
2 teaspoons sesame oil (#6)
1.5 cups mayonnaise (#7)
1/2 cup all purpose flour (#8)
1/2 cup white rice flour (#8)
1 cup beer (#8)
8 small corn tortillas
Tortilla chips
1 pound orecchiette pasta
Dairy / frozen
1 cup shaved parmesan cheese
Poultry / meat / fish

2 pounds boneless skinless chicken thighs (#5) 4 6 oz cod filets
3

Sunday Prep for the Week of 8/18/24 4 SERVINGS
1. Roasted Summer Squash
INGREDIENTS:
4 yellow summer squash, sliced into half moons 4 zucchini squash, sliced into half moons
2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
Pinch salt and pepper
2. Sauteed Green Beans
INGREDIENTS:
2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil 2 pounds green beans
1 teaspoon garlic powder
Pinch salt and pepper
3. Cowboy Caviar
INGREDIENTS:
6 corn cobs, shucked
1/3 cup extra virgin olive oil
2 large limes, juiced
3 tablespoons white vinegar
3 tablespoons honey
3/4 teaspoon chili powder
1/4 teaspoon salt, or to taste
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper, or to taste 2 15 ounce cans black beans
2 15 ounce cans black eyed peas
1.5 bell pepper, diced
1 red onion, finely diced
1/4 bunch cilantro, chopped
1 jalapeno, minced - optional
DIRECTIONS:
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees Fahrenheit and line two large baking sheets (or one large one) with parchment paper. Toss the squash with the olive oil and a generous pinch of salt and pepper until evenly coated. Spread the squash evenly between the baking sheets and roast for about 10-15 minutes or until tender. Let the squash cool, then cover and refrigerate.
DIRECTIONS:
Heat a large skillet over medium high heat and add the olive oil. When the oil is hot, add the green beans, garlic powder, and a generous pinch of salt and pepper. Saute over medium high heat for about 10-15 minutes or until tender and browned. Let the green beans cool, then cover and refrigerate.
DIRECTIONS:
Add corn cobs to a large pot and fill with water. Bring to a boil over high heat on the stovetop. Reduce the heat to a low boil and allow the corn to cook for about 10-12 minutes. Remove the corn from the hot water and transfer to an ice bath for 5 minutes. Once cool, slice the kernels off the cob. Set aside half of the kernels for the cowboy caviar and cover and refrigerate the other half for the summer corn pasta. In a large bowl, whisk together the olive oil, lime juice, white vinegar, honey, chili powder, salt and pepper. Add the corn kernels, black beans, black eyed peas, bell pepper, red onion, cilantro, and jalapeno if using. Toss to combine and coat the ingredients with the dressing at the bottom of the bowl. Cover and refrigerate.
4

4. Scallion Coconut Rice
INGREDIENTS:
1.5 cups uncooked jasmine rice 1 14 oz can full fat coconut milk 1.5 cups water
1/2 teaspoon salt
4 scallions, chopped
1/4 cup toasted coconut flakes - optional
5. Thai Coconut Chicken
INGREDIENTS:
2 pounds boneless skinless chicken thighs, cut into 2” pieces
1/4 cup regular soy sauce
1/4 cup full-fat coconut cream
2 tablespoons pure maple syrup 1 inch knob ginger, sliced
4 garlic cloves, smashed
6. Carrot Ginger Sauce
INGREDIENTS:
4 medium carrots, about 2 cups
1/4 cup rice vinegar
3 inch knob ginger, peeled and chopped 4 cloves garlic, minced
2 tablespoons white miso paste
2 tablespoons pure maple syrup
2 teaspoons sesame oil
1 cup water
Pinch salt
7. Cilantro Garlic Aioli
INGREDIENTS:
1.5 cups mayonnaise
5 cloves garlic, minced
3/4 bunch cilantro, stems removed 3 scallions, chopped
1 lime, juiced
Pinch salt and pepper
DIRECTIONS:
Rinse the rice in a fine mesh strainer, then add to a large saucepan and stir in the coconut milk, water, and salt. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat, cover, and simmer for about 30 minutes. Remove from heat and let sit, covered, for about 10 minutes. Fluff with a fork, then stir in the chopped scallions and toasted coconut. Let cool, then cover and refrigerate.
DIRECTIONS:
Whisk together the soy sauce, coconut cream, maple syrup, ginger, and garlic. Add the chicken and toss to coat the meat in the marinade. Cover and refrigerate.
5
  DIRECTIONS:
Add all ingredients to a high speed blender and blend until very smooth, about 1-2 minutes, stopping to scrape the sides of the blender if needed. Cover and refrigerate.
 DIRECTIONS:
Add all ingredients to a food processor and process until mostly smooth but some chunks remain, stopping to scrape down the sides of the processor as needed. Cover and refrigerate.

8. Beer Batter for Cod Tacos
INGREDIENTS:
1/2 cup all purpose flour 1/2 cup white rice flour 1 teaspoon salt
1 cup beer
DIRECTIONS:
Add all ingredients to a medium bowl and whisk to combine. Cover and refrigerate.
6

INGREDIENTS :
Beer Batter
Cilantro Garlic Aioli (1⁄2)
Cowboy Caviar (1⁄4)
Roasted Summer Squash (?)
Additional Ingredients:
4, 6 oz cod filets, sliced into 2”
pieces (or 2 for 2 servings and 6 for 6 servings)
Avocado oil, to fry
8 small corn tortillas (or 4 for 2 servings and 12 for 6 servings)
DIRECTIONS :
In a deep, heavy bottom saucepan, heat about 1 1⁄2 inches of avocado oil to a steady 350 degrees. Fahrenheit over medium high heat. Dredge two pieces of cod in the prepared batter, letting excess drip off, then gently place in the hot oil. Fry, rotating the fish every couple of minutes, for 6 minutes or until golden brown. Remove from oil and place on a paper towel lined plate. Repeat with remaining cod. Preheat the oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit. Place the squash on a baking sheet and reheat for about 10 minutes or until warmed through. Heat the tortillas as desired, then assemble the tacos with the fried cod, cowboy caviar, and cilantro garlic aioli. Serve the tacos with the roasted squash on the side.
Beer Battered Cod Tacos w/ Cilantro Garlic Aioli, Cowboy Caviar, + Roasted Summer Squash
4 SERVINGS
7
 Monday Rally

INGREDIENTS :
Thai Coconut Chicken Skewers
Carrot Ginger Sauce
Sauteed Green Beans
Scallion Coconut Rice
DIRECTIONS :
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit. Spread the green beans on a baking sheet. Add a splash of water to the rice in an oven safe dish and reheat everything in the preheated oven for 15-20 minutes or until warmed through. Broil the green beans on high for 2-3 minutes for further browning, if desired. Thread the marinated chicken pieces onto skewers, letting the excess marinade drip off first. Heat the grill or grill pan to medium high heat, about 450 degrees. When the grill is hot, place the prepared skewers on the grill. Grill for about 6 minutes, then flip and cook for another 6 minutes, until cooked through. Remove and let rest for about 10 minutes. Serve the chicken skewers with the carrot ginger sauce on top and with the rice and green beans on the side.
Thai Coconut Chicken Skewers w/ Carrot Ginger Sauce, Sauteed Green Beans, + Scallion Coconut Rice
4 SERVINGS
8
 Tuesday Rally

INGREDIENTS :
Cowboy Caviar (3⁄4)
Cilantro Garlic Aioli (1⁄2)
Additional Ingredients:
Tortilla chips
Bibb lettuce cups
DIRECTIONS :
Serve the cowboy caviar in lettuce cups and with tortilla chips with the cilantro garlic aioli drizzled on top.
Cowboy Caviar Lettuce Cups w/ Tortilla Chips + Cilantro Garlic Aioli
4 SERVINGS
9
 Wednesday Rally

Thursday Rally
Summer Corn + Squash Orecchiette Pasta
4 SERVINGS
10
  INGREDIENTS :
Roasted Summer Squash (?)
Prepared Corn
Additional Ingredients:
1 pound orecchiette pasta (or 1⁄2 pound for 2 servings, and 1 1⁄2 pounds for 6 servings)
1⁄4 cup extra virgin olive oil (or 2 tbsp for 2 servings, and ? cup for 6 servings)
2 small cloves garlic, minced (or 1 clove for 2 servings, and 3 cloves for 6 servings)
1 lemon, juice and zest (or 1⁄2 lemon for 2 servings, and 1 1⁄2 lemons for 6 servings)
Pinch salt and pepper, to taste
1 cup shaved parmesan cheese, plus more to top (or 1⁄2 cup for 2 servings, or 1 1⁄2 cups for 6 servings)
DIRECTIONS :
Cook the pasta according to package directions, until just al dente. Heat a large skillet or pot over medium heat and add the olive oil. When the olive oil is warm, add the garlic, lemon juice and zest, and a generous pinch of salt and pepper. Saute 1-2 minutes, then stir in the prepared corn and roasted summer squash. Heat 3-5 minutes or until warmed through. Stir in the pasta and parmesan cheese, tossing to coat and incorporate and heat all ingredients.
 Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)
