1
  
MENU FOR 1/19/25
Monday - Chicken Tagine with Couscous and Roasted Sweet Potatoes
Tuesday - Burgers with Chipotle Sauce, Sautéed Peppers and Onions and Roasted Broccolini
Wednesday - Vegetable Stir-Fry Bowls with Broccolini, and Optional Chicken, Over Couscous
Thursday - Pepper, Onion, and Corn Quesadillas with Chipotle Sauce
  
DINI'S TIPS & TRICKS
Here are some tips, tricks, and alternate serving ideas for this weeks prep!
Make this week VEGETARIAN
-Instead of the chicken in the tagine, simply sear root vegetables in the pan and/or fish or tofu and then cook
following along with the directions to make the sauce and finish cooking.
 
Make this week more KID FRIENDLY
-Serve tagine shredded in a pita or lafa
-Serve stir fry with chopsticks to make it a fun and authentic Chinese dinner
 
Make this week more diet FRIENDLY
-Prepare cauliflower rice in place of couscous or shiitake noodles as the “starch"
-Use lighter/cassava/almond tortillas for quesadillas or simply make an omelette with the peppers, cheese, and corn
and serve with chipotle sauce.
-Serve burgers in lettuce cups instead of buns
 
Other TIPS + NOTES
-Mince the garlic for recipe #1, #3, and #5 all in one shot to save time!
2
-Always keep a garbage by your workspace and a clean towel.
-For an additional easy side dish always consider keeping the following on hand:
frozen peas
frozen edamame
frozen cauliflower rice
fresh salad ingredients
3
Grocery List for the Week of 1/19/25
4 SERVINGS
  
Produce
  4 onions (#1, #4, #5)
  10 cloves garlic (#1, #3, #5)
  2 small lemons (#1)
  7 large sweet potatoes (#2)
  3 large bunches broccolini (#3)
  4 red bell peppers (#4, #5)
  1 tablespoon minced ginger (#5)
  1 green pepper (#5)
  10 Bella mushrooms (#5)
  16 oz. snap peas (#5)
  1 cup optional bean sprouts or pea shoots (#5)
  Optional side salad ingredients
Pantry
  Oil
  Salt
  Black pepper
  Turmeric
  Cinnamon
  Garlic powder (#1)
  5 oz. black olives, sliced (#1)
  1/2 cup beer (#1)
  1/4 cup vegetable or chicken broth (#1)
  2 bay leaves (#1)
  1/4 cup low sodium soy sauce (#5)
  2 tablespoons maple syrup (#5, #8)
  1/2 teaspoon sesame oil (#5)
  1 tablespoon corn starch (#5)
  5 oz. canned water chestnuts (#5)
  3 (6 oz.) boxes couscous (I love Near East brand garlic flavor!) (#6)
  1 cup mayonnaise (#8)
  4 tablespoons chipotle in adobo sauce (#8)
  2 teaspoons white vinegar (#8)
  6 burger buns
  10 tortillas
  2 cans corn
Dairy / frozen
  3 cups shredded mozzarella
Poultry / meat / fish
  4 lb. chicken pieces of choice, bone in, such as chicken breasts halved, thighs, and drumsticks (#1)
  2 lb. ground beef (#7)
4
Sunday Prep for the Week of 1/19/25
4 SERVINGS
1. Chicken Tagine
  
INGREDIENTS:
  3 tablespoons oil
  4 lb. chicken pieces of choice, bone in (such as
chicken breasts halved, thighs, and drumsticks)
  Salt and pepper, to season
  1/2 teaspoon turmeric
  1/2 teaspoon cinnamon
  1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
  1 onion, finely diced
  4 cloves garlic, minced
  5 oz. black olives, sliced
  1/2 cup beer
  1/4 cup vegetable or chicken broth
  2 small lemons, zested and juiced
  2 bay leaves
  
DIRECTIONS:
In a large heavy-bottomed, or cast iron (meat) pot, heat
the oil on medium high heat. Season both sides of the
chicken liberally with salt, pepper, turmeric, cinnamon,
and garlic powder. Working with the first half of the
chicken, sear both sides until golden brown on both
sides. Set chicken off to the side on a plate while you
sear the other half of the chicken. Remove all the
chicken from the pot and sauté the onions and garlic for
4-5 minutes until softened, adding more oil as needed.
Add chicken back to the pot and mix in the olives, beer,
vegetable or chicken broth, zest and juice of the lemons,
and the bay leaves. Bring to a boil and then simmer
40-50 minutes until the chicken has cooked through. Let
cool and store with sauce.
  
2. Roasted Sweet Potatoes
  
INGREDIENTS:
  7 large sweet potatoes, scrubbed and cut into
wedges
  Oil, for drizzling
  Salt, to season
  
DIRECTIONS:
Preheat oven to 425°F and line a (meat or pareve)
baking sheet with parchment paper. Add the sweet
potatoes in a single layer. Toss in oil and salt and roast
for 40-45 minutes depending on how thick you cut them.
Let cool and store.
  
3. Roasted Broccolini
  
INGREDIENTS:
  3 large bunches broccolini, ends trimmed, cut
into 2-inch pieces
  3 cloves garlic, minced
  Salt, to season
  3 tablespoons oil
  
DIRECTIONS:
Place broccolini on a large (parve or meat) baking sheet
and toss in garlic, salt, and oil. Roast at 425°F for 15
minutes until broccolini has cooked through, and turned
bright green. Let cool and store.
  
4. Sautéed Onions and Peppers
5
INGREDIENTS:
  2 tablespoons oil
  2 onions, halved and thinly sliced
  3 red bell peppers seeded and cut into thin
strips
  Salt, to season
DIRECTIONS:
Heat oil in a large (pareve) pan and sauté the peppers
and onions until softened. Alternatively you can roast
these until soft in a baking dish. Let cool and store.
  
5. Vegetable Stir-Fry
  
INGREDIENTS:
  2 tablespoons oil
  1 onion, halved and thinly sliced
  3 cloves garlic, minced
  1 tablespoon minced ginger
  1 red pepper, seeded and thinly sliced into strips
  1 green pepper, seeded and thinly sliced into
strips
  10 Bella mushrooms, thinly sliced
  16 oz. snap peas, halved
  Salt, to season
  1/4 cup low sodium soy sauce
  1 tablespoon maple syrup
  1/2 teaspoon sesame oil
  1 tablespoon corn starch
  5 oz. canned water chestnuts, drained
  1 cup optional bean sprouts or pea shoots
  
DIRECTIONS:
Heat oil in a large (meat or pareve) pan and add the
onions, garlic, and ginger. Sauté on medium-high heat
until softened, about 5 minutes. Add the peppers,
mushrooms, and snap peas, and season with salt. Cook
an additional 10 minutes or so, being careful not to
overcook. Meanwhile whisk together the soy sauce,
maple syrup, sesame oil, and corn starch together in a
small bowl. Pour into the pan and continue cooking an
additional 4- 5 minutes, finishing with the water chestnuts
and sprouts. The sauce should start to thicken up as it
cooks. Season with additional salt as needed. Let cool
and store.
  
6. Couscous
  
INGREDIENTS:
  3 (6 oz.) boxes couscous (I love Near East
brand garlic flavor!)
  
DIRECTIONS:
Cook couscous according to package directions in a
(meat) pot. Fluff with a fork, let cool, and store.
  
7. Burgers
  
INGREDIENTS:
  2 lb. ground beef
  
DIRECTIONS:
Divide meat into 6-8 equal mounds (or 3-4 for 2 servings,
and 10-12 for 6 servings) and form patties. Store covered
in the fridge.
  
8. Chipotle Sauce
6
  
INGREDIENTS:
  1 cup mayonnaise
  4 tablespoons chipotle in adobo sauce (just the
sauce)
  4 teaspoons maple syrup
  2 teaspoons white vinegar
  Salt, to season
  
DIRECTIONS:
Whisk all ingredients together in a (pareve) storage jar,
and store.
7
 
 Monday Rally
Chicken Tagine with Couscous and
Roasted Sweet Potatoes
4 SERVINGS
INGREDIENTS :
–Chicken tagine (reserving 1/4-1/2 of
it to add to stir-fry if desired)
–Couscous  (half)
–Sweet potato fries
DIRECTIONS :
Heat the chicken with the sauce, covered, in a 300ºF oven for 35-40
minutes until warmed through. Heat the couscous in the same oven
(covered), and the sweet potatoes (uncovered) for 35 minutes or so until
heated. Serve the chicken over the couscous with sauce poured over and
roasted sweet potatoes on the side.
8
 
 Tuesday Rally
Burgers with Chipotle Sauce, Sautéed
Peppers and Onions and Roasted
Broccolini
4 SERVINGS
INGREDIENTS :
–Burgers
–Pepper and onions (half)
–Broccolini (half)
-Optional leftover sweet potatoes
–Chipotle sauce (half)
Additional Ingredients:
-Salt and pepper, to season
-Burger buns
DIRECTIONS :
Remove burgers from the fridge and let cool to room temperature. Season
both sides of burgers liberally with salt and pepper. Heat a heavy bottom
pan or grill pan with oil and sear burgers on both sides until golden on both
sides and cooked to desired doneness. Alternatively you can broil the
burgers on high flipping to brown both sides. Heat oven to 300°F and
warm half of the broccolini (uncovered), half of the peppers and onions
(uncovered), and leftover sweet potatoes if you have for 30-40 minutes
until heated. Toast burger buns in the oven for a few minutes to warm.
Serve burgers topped with peppers and onions and the chipotle sauce with
broccolini and optional leftover sweet potatoes on the side.
9
 
 Wednesday Rally
Vegetable Stir-Fry Bowls with Broccolini,
and Optional Chicken, Over Couscous
4 SERVINGS
INGREDIENTS :
–Vegetable stir-fry
–Broccolini (half)
–Chicken (optional leftover)
–Couscous  (half)
DIRECTIONS :
Chop up the remaining broccolini and optional reserved chicken into bite-
size pieces and add to stir fry. Mix together and heat covered in a 300°F
oven for 30 minutes to warm through. Heat the remaining couscous in the
same oven covered and serve together!
10
 
 Thursday Rally
Pepper, Onion, and Corn Quesadillas
with Chipotle Sauce
4 SERVINGS
INGREDIENTS :
–Peppers and onions (half)
–Chipotle sauce
Additional Ingredients:
-10 tortillas (or 5 tortillas for 2 servings,
and 15 tortillas for 6 servings)
-2-3 cups shredded mozzarella (or 1 –
1 1/2 cups for 2 servings, and 3 – 4 1/2
cups for 6 servings)
-2 cans corn, drained (or 1 can for 2
servings, and 3 cans for 6 servings)
DIRECTIONS :
Grease a (dairy) frying pan with oil and heat on medium-high flame. Add a
tortilla and sprinkle with 2-3 tablespoons shredded mozzarella (or more as
needed), and add some of the peppers and onions. Add 3 or so
tablespoons canned corn (that's been drained) and top with 2-3 more
tablespoons of cheese. Top with another tortilla and let cook until melted
and tortilla has become golden on the bottom. Flip and cook on the other
side. Remove to a plate and cut into 4 triangles. Continue with remaining
tortillas. Serve hot dunked in chipotle sauce with an optional side salad!
Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)