1
  
MENU FOR 7/28/24
Monday - Korean Beef with Broccoli and Rice
Tuesday - Chicken Nuggets (or Spicy Buffalo Chicken) with Green Beans
Wednesday - Egg Rolls with Green Beans (option to add leftover chicken to some)
Thursday - Quesadillas with Peppers and Onions and Broccoli
  
DINI'S TIPS & TRICKS
Here are some tips, tricks, and alternate serving ideas for this weeks prep!
Make this week VEGETARIAN
-Swap ground beef out for seitan and prepare it the same way as the beef.
-Instead of chicken breasts, use thinly sliced extra-firm tofu! Make sure to press out all the water so that the tofu is
well drained before breading.
 
Save yourself TIME this week
-Skip the egg rolls and sauté the meat/chicken with the rice and chopped green beans. Season with soy sauce,
toasted sesame oil, onion powder, garlic powder, and salt!
 
Other TIPS + NOTES 
-For an additional easy side dish always consider keeping the following on hand:
frozen peas 
frozen edamame
2
frozen cauliflower rice 
fresh salad ingredients
3
Grocery List for the Week of 7/28/24
4 SERVINGS
  
Produce
  36 oz. trimmed green beans (#1)
  3 scallions (#2)
  2 onions (#6)
  2 red bell peppers (#6)
Pantry
  Olive oil
  Salt and pepper
  1 cup low sodium soy sauce (#1, #2,#7)
  5 teaspoons toasted sesame oil (#1, #2, #7)
  1.5 teaspoons garlic powder (#2)
  1/2 cup apricot preserves (#2)
  1 tablespoon cornstarch (#2)
  2 cups sushi rice (#4)
  1/3 cup rice wine vinegar (#4)
  2 tablespoons maple syrup (#4)
  1 cup seasoned breadcrumbs (#5)
  Spray cooking oil (#5)
  1.5 cups honey (#5), optional for buffalo chicken
  3/4 cup franks hot sauce (#5), optional for buffalo chicken
  1/2 cup apricot preserves (#7)
  12 egg roll wrappers
  12 large flour tortillas
  1 cup marinara sauce
Dairy / frozen
  3 lb. frozen broccoli florets (#3)
  2 eggs (#5)
  1.5 cups shredded mozzarella
Poultry / meat / fish
  2 lb. ground beef (#2)
  2 lb. boneless, skinless chicken breast, thinly sliced (or butterflied and halved) (#5)
4
Sunday Prep for the Week of 7/28/24
4 SERVINGS
1. Green Beans
  
INGREDIENTS:
  36 oz. trimmed green beans
  2 teaspoons low sodium soy sauce
  1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil
  Oil, for drizzling
  Salt and pepper, to season
  
DIRECTIONS:
Preheat oven o 425ºF and line baking sheet with
parchment paper. Toss the green beans with remaining
ingredients on a parchment-lined (pareve or meat)
baking sheet. Roast for 30 minutes, until cooked through
and golden. Let cool and store.
  
2. Korean Beef
  
INGREDIENTS:
  1 tablespoon oil
  2 lb. ground beef
  1.5 teaspoons garlic powder
  1/2 cup low sodium soy sauce
  1/2 cup apricot preserves
  3 teaspoons toasted sesame oil
  Salt and pepper, to season
  1 tablespoon cornstarch
  3 scallions, thinly sliced to finish
  
DIRECTIONS:
Heat the oil in a large (meat) pan sauté the meat on high
heat, breaking up with a spatula until mostly browned.
Add garlic powder, soy sauce, apricot preserves, and
sesame oil and mix together. Season with salt and
pepper. Sprinkle in the cornstarch and continue to cook
for an additional 2-3 minutes until lightly thickened.
Remove from heat and mix in scallion. Let cool and
store.
  
3. Steamed Broccoli
  
INGREDIENTS:
  3 lb. frozen broccoli florets
  
DIRECTIONS:
In a large (pareve) pot, add frozen broccoli and 1/4 cup
water (or 1/8 cup for 2 servings, and 1/3 cup for 6
servings). Cook on medium-high heat to steam for 5-8
minutes. Strain any remaining liquid, let cool and store.
  
4. Sushi Rice
  
INGREDIENTS:
  2 cups sushi rice, rinsed well until water runs
clear
  3 cups water
  2.5 teaspoons salt
  
DIRECTIONS:
Place rice, water and salt together in a medium (pareve)
pot and bring to a boil. Reduce to a simmer, cover and
let cook 25 minutes. Remove from heat and leave
covered to steam an additional 10 minutes. Mix in rice
5
  1/3 cup rice wine vinegar
  2 tablespoons maple syrup
wine vinegar and maple syrup. Let cool and store.
  
5. Chicken Nuggets (or Spicy Buffalo Chicken)
  
INGREDIENTS:
  2 lb. boneless, skinless chicken breast, thinly
sliced (or butterflied and halved)
  1 cup seasoned breadcrumbs
  Salt and pepper, to season
  2 eggs, whisked
  Spray oil, or regular for drizzling
  1.5 cups honey, optional for buffalo spice sauce
  3/4 cup Franks hot sauce, optional for buffalo
spice sauce
  
DIRECTIONS:
Line a (meat) baking sheet with parchment paper and
spray liberally with cooking oil. On a large plate add the
breadcrumbs. On another large plate (or shallow bowl)
whisk the eggs together. One at a time dip chicken
pieces into the egg letting any excess drip off, then
dredge them through the breadcrumb mixture. Once
coated place the chicken pieces on the baking sheet,
and spray the tops with cooking oil to get them crisp in
the oven Season tops with salt and pepper. Bake at
425°F for 25-30 minutes until crisp and golden. Let cool,
and store. If you choose to make the buffalo sauce mix
the honey and hot sauce together in a bowl. Once the
chicken has cooked for 15 minutes drizzle the sauce all
over the tops of chicken and continue to cook according
to directions above!
  
6. Sautéed Peppers and Onions
  
INGREDIENTS:
  2 onions
  2 red bell peppers
  2 tablespoons oil
  Salt, to season
  
DIRECTIONS:
In a large (pareve) pan heat the oil on high heat and
sauté the peppers and onions until softened, 6-8
minutes. Season with salt. Let cool and store.
  
7. Egg Roll Sauce
  
INGREDIENTS:
  1/2 cup apricot preserves
  1/4 cup low sodium soy sauce
  1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil
  
DIRECTIONS:
Mix all ingredients together in a storage jar. Store
covered in the fridge.
6
 
 Monday Rally
Korean Beef with Broccoli and Rice
4 SERVINGS
INGREDIENTS :
–Korean beef (most)
–Rice (half)
–Broccoli (half)
DIRECTIONS :
Heat the Korean beef (covered), and rice (covered) at 300ºF for 30
minutes or so until warmed through. Heat the broccoli in the same oven for
20 minutes to warm. You can also sauté all these ingredients together on
the stove in a large pan. Serve together in bowls.
7
 
 Tuesday Rally
Chicken Nuggets (or Spicy Buffalo
Chicken) with Green Beans
4 SERVINGS
INGREDIENTS :
–Chicken nuggets or spicy buffalo
chicken (most)
–Green beans (half)
-Optional Egg Roll Sauce for Nuggets
(half)
DIRECTIONS :
Heat chicken uncovered (covered if you made it buffalo chicken) in a
300ºF oven for 30 minutes to warm through. Heat green beans
(uncovered) in the same oven for 15-20 minutes to warm through slightly.
Serve together with optional egg roll sauce as a dip for the plain chicken
nuggets.
8
 
 Wednesday Rally
Egg Rolls with Green Beans (option to
add leftover chicken to some)
4 SERVINGS
INGREDIENTS :
-Green beans (half)
-Korean beef (remaining)
-Chicken (remaining)
-Rice (half)
-Onions and peppers (half)
-Egg Roll Sauce
Additional Ingredients:
-10-12 egg roll wrappers (or 5-6
wrappers for 2 servings, and 15-18
wrappers for 6 servings)
DIRECTIONS :
Heat the green beans (uncovered) and rice (covered) in a 300ºF oven for
30 minutes, until warmed through. You can also heat on the stovetop in a
large pan greased with oil if needed. Another idea is to sauté the green
beans and rice together like a fried rice. Meanwhile make the egg rolls:
Preheat oven to 450°F and line a (meat) baking sheet with parchment
paper. Spray the parchment paper with oil. Fill a cup with water and keep it
close by. Set egg roll wrappers on a cutting board. To fill, lay 1 wrapper
with a corner pointed toward you. Place about 1/4 cup filling (either the
meat, chopped chicken, and onions and peppers) draining off excess
sauce/moisture in the center of the paper. Fold the corner closest to you
up and tuck it over the filling. Fold left and right corners over, like an
envelope, then roll upward to close. Dab water on the uppermost corner
and press to seal. Place seam-side down and continue with remaining
wrappers. Spray tops of egg rolls with cooking oil to coat. Bake for 15-20
minutes, until golden brown and crisp, flipping halfway through to fully
brown both sides. Serve crisp egg rolls with green beans, rice, and egg roll
sauce.
9
 
 Thursday Rally
Quesadillas with Peppers and Onions
and Broccoli
4 SERVINGS
INGREDIENTS :
–Broccoli (half)
–Sautéed Peppers and Onions (half)
Additional Ingredients:
-2-3 tablespoons oil (or 1-2
tablespoons for 2 servings, and 4-6
tablespoons for 6 servings)
-10-12 large flour tortillas (or 5-6
tortillas for 2 servings, and 15-18
tortillas for 6 servings)
-1 cup marinara sauce (or 1/2 cup for 2
servings, and 1 1/2 cups for 6 servings)
-1 1/2 cups shredded mozzarella (or
3/4 cup for 2 servings, and 2 1/4 cups
for 6 servings)
DIRECTIONS :
Heat broccoli in a 300ºF oven for 15 minutes to warm through or serve
room temperature. To make the quesadillas: Grease a (dairy) frying pan
with oil and heat on medium-high heat. Add on tortilla. Spread with sauce,
shredded mozzarella, and add some of the reserved peppers and onions.
Top with another tortilla and flip once golden brown on the bottom and
cheese has melted. Cook on the other side until cheese is bubbly, and
tortilla has become golden. Serve immediately as they come off the heat
or place on a parchment lined baking sheet, and keep warm in the oven
until ready to serve. Continue with remaining tortillas forming quesadillas.
Cut each finished quesadilla into quarters and serve alongside broccoli.
Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)