1
  
MENU FOR 11/10/24
Monday - Greek Gyro Bowls with Quinoa and Tzatziki 
Tuesday - Tahini Lemon Kale Caesar with Broccolini & Crispy Chickpeas
Wednesday - Chipotle Black Bean & Sweet Potato Burgers with Roasted Green Beans
Thursday - Pinto Bean Tostadas with Leftover Broccolini & Green Beans
  
DINI'S TIPS & TRICKS
Here are some tips, tricks, and alternate serving ideas for this weeks prep!
Make this week LIGHTER
-Opt for a lettuce wrap instead of the bun for your chipotle black bean & sweet potato burger for a lower-carb option!
-Swap out the quinoa for mixed greens for a nutrient-packed salad on tempeh gyro night.
Make this week VEGAN
-Use vegan yogurt for a dairy-free Tzatziki and sub dairy-free sour cream for the tostadas.
Make this week NOT vegetarian
-Make real hamburgers in place of the black bean & sweet potato burgers.
-Marinate sliced or cubed chicken in the tempeh marinade. Grill or pan fry in a wok to cook.
Other TIPS & NOTES
-Buy pre-minced garlic to save time
-Opt for pre-shredded carrots for pickling vegetables to save time
If you have any LEFTOVERS at the end of the week
-Make a buddah bowl with leftover burger patties, quinoa, greens, and tahini caesar
2
-Make a loaded sandwich with leftover tempeh and sliced veggies
3
Grocery List for the Week of 11/10/24
4 SERVINGS
  
Produce
  2 medium-sized sweet potatoes (#1)
  2 bunches tuscan kale
  2 heads of garlic, or a jar of pre-minced garlic (#4, #5, #6, #7, #8)
  4 bunches broccolini (#3)
  2 lbs fresh green beans (#3)
  1 small head romaine lettuce
  1 avocado
  1 large head butter lettuce
  2 large tomatoes
  1 large red or white onion (#5, #6)
  1 sweet onion
  3 large carrots, or 1 16oz bag shredded carrots (#6)
  3 lemons (#5, #7, #8)
  1/2 cup fresh parsley (#8)
  1 cup cilantro
  1 tbsp fresh dill (#8)
  1 jalapeno
  1 lime
  Fresh mint
Pantry
  Onion powder (#1, #4)
  Garlic powder (#4, #8)
  Cumin (#4)
  Dried oregano (#5)
  Dried thyme (#5)
  Sesame seeds
  1/4 cup coconut aminos, soy sauce, or tamari (#5)
  Salt
  Pepper
  Vegetable oil
  Olive oil
  1/2 cup creamy tahini (#7)
  1 tbsp capers (#7)
  5 tbsp honey (#6)
  1 cup apple cider vinegar (#6)
  1 small can chipotle peppers in adobo sauce (#1)
  1 cup rolled oats or quick cooking oats (#1)
  2 cups quinoa (#1)
  1 14.5oz can black beans (#1)
  1 14.5oz can chickpeas (#2)
  2 14.5oz cans pinto beans (#4)
  1.5 cups vegetable broth (#4, #5)
  Burger buns
  8 corn tortillas
Dairy / frozen
  2 8oz packages of tempeh (#5)
  8 oz greek yogurt (#8)
4
  Sour cream
  Mayonnaise
5
Sunday Prep for the Week of 11/10/24
4 SERVINGS
1. Black Bean & Sweet Potato Burgers
  
INGREDIENTS:
  2 medium-sized sweet potatoes, scrubbed
  2 cups dry quinoa (half of the cooked quinoa will
be saved for gyro bowls)
  1.5 cups water
  1 14.5 oz can black beans, drained and rinsed
  1 chipotle pepper in adobo sauce, minced
  1 tbsp adobo sauce
  4 garlic cloves, crushed or minced
  1/2 tsp onion powder
  1/2 tsp sea salt
  1/2 tsp pepper
  1 cup rolled oats or quick cooking oats
  
DIRECTIONS:
To bake the sweet potatoes: Preheat the oven to 425
degrees and line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Cut the potatoes in half lengthwise, and place them cut
side down on the baking sheet and bake for 45-50
minutes until fork tender. Let cool and remove the skin.
Set aside. (Leave the oven preheated for the patties.)
Cook the quinoa while the potatoes are in the oven:
Place 2 cups quinoa in a medium saucepan with 1 ½
cups water. Heat over medium heat and bring to a boil.
Cover with a lid, lower the heat to low, and allow to
simmer for 15-20 minutes until cooked. Let cool once
cooked. Set aside 2 cups of the cooked quinoa for the
burger patties, and store the rest covered in the fridge for
the gyro bowls. To make the patties: In a large bowl, add
the sweet potato flesh, 2 cups of the cooked quinoa,
black beans, minced chipotle pepper, adobo sauce,
garlic, onion powder, sea salt, and pepper. Use a potato
masher or a large fork to break up the black beans and
sweet potato. Once incorporated, fold in the oats. Scoop
a heaping ½ cup of the patty mixture and form into round
patties. (Should make 6) Place on a lined baking sheet
and bake for 30 minutes, flipping halfway through. Let
cool and store covered in the fridge
  
2. Crispy Chickpeas
  
INGREDIENTS:
  1 14.5 ounce can chickpeas, drained & rinsed
  1/2 tbsp olive oil
  Salt and pepper, to taste
  
DIRECTIONS:
Line a baking sheet with parchment paper. Thoroughly
dry the drained chickpeas in a towel. Remove the
chickpea skin by pouring the drained and rinsed
chickpeas onto a kitchen towel. Fold the towel over to roll
the chickpeas to remove most of the skin if possible-
makes these extra crispy. Dry thoroughly. Spread the
chickpeas onto the baking sheet and drizzle with oil and
a pinch of salt and pepper. Bake for 45 minutes, shaking
the pan every 10 minutes to move the chickpeas around.
Let cool and store covered on the counter.
  
3. Broccolini & Green Beans
  
INGREDIENTS:
  
DIRECTIONS:
6
  4 bunches broccolini
  2 lbs fresh green beans
  2 tbsp olive oil, divided
  2 garlic cloves, minced
  Salt and pepper, to taste
To cook the green beans: Spread the green beans onto
a lined baking sheet and drizzle with 1 tbsp olive oil and
a pinch of salt and pepper. Roast in the same 425
degree oven for 10-15 minutes until tender. Let cool and
store covered in the fridge. Cook the broccoli while the
green beans are in the oven: Heat a large skillet over
medium heat: Cut the broccolini into 2” pieces. Add 1
tbsp olive oil to the pan along with 2 cloves minced
garlic, the cut broccolini, and a pinch of salt and pepper.
Saute for about 10 minutes until slightly tender. Let cool
and store covered in the fridge.
  
4. Refried Pinto Beans
  
INGREDIENTS:
  2 15 ounce cans pinto beans, drained and
rinsed
  4 garlic cloves, crushed or minced
  1/2 tsp onion powder
  1/2 tsp garlic powder
  1/2 tsp cumin
  1/2 tsp salt
  1/4 tsp pepper
  1/2 tbsp neutral cooking oil such as avocado
  1/2 cup vegetable broth
  
DIRECTIONS:
Combine all ingredients in a saucepan over medium
heat. Bring to a boil and reduce the heat to low to simmer
for 10 minutes. Use a potato masher or fork to mash the
beans to desired consistency. Once mashed, continue to
cook, stirring frequently for about 5-10 more minutes. Let
cool and store covered in the refrigerator.
  
5. Marinated Tempeh
  
INGREDIENTS:
  2 8 ounce packages of tempeh
  5 garlic cloves, crushed or minced
  1/2 red or white onion, diced
  1.5 tsp dried oregano
  1/8 tsp dried thyme
  1/4 cup coconut aminos, soy sauce, or tamari
  1 tsp honey
  1 lemon, juiced
  4 mint leaves, minced
  1 cup vegetable broth
  Salt and pepper, to taste
  
DIRECTIONS:
Slice the tempeh into ¼-½” thick slices. Place the cut
tempeh into a storage container. In a bowl, whisk
together the garlic, onion, oregano, thyme, coconut
aminos, honey, lemon juice, mint, vegetable broth, and a
pinch of salt and pepper. Pour the marinade over the
tempeh. Cover and refrigerate.
  
6. Pickled Veggies
  
INGREDIENTS:
  3 large carrots, scrubbed and peeled (can sub 2
cups pre-shredded carrots)
  
DIRECTIONS:
Use a vegetable peeler to make thin ribbons with the
carrots. Place the carrot ribbons into the storing jar. Cut
the red onion in half and thinly slice, then place in a
7
  1/2 large red or white onion (remaining half from
marinated tempeh)
  1 cup apple cider vinegar
  1/4 cup water
  2 garlic cloves, roughly chopped
  1/4 cup honey
  1 tsp salt
  1 tsp pepper
separate storing jar. Place apple cider vinegar, garlic,
water, honey, salt, and pepper in a small pot. Bring just
to a boil then remove from heat. Pour half of the pickling
mixture over the carrots, and half over the onion. Let
cool, cover and refrigerate.
  
7. Tahini Caesar
  
INGREDIENTS:
  1/2 cup creamy tahini
  6 tbsp water
  1 tbsp capers
  1/2 tbsp caper brine
  1/2 lemon, juiced
  3 garlic cloves, minced
  Salt and pepper, to taste
  
DIRECTIONS:
In a food processor or high speed blender, combine all
ingredients. Pulse until everything is incorporated evenly.
Taste and adjust seasonings if desired. Store covered in
the refrigerator.
  
8. Tzatziki
  
INGREDIENTS:
  1 cup greek yogurt
  1/2 cucumber, grated
  1/2 lemon, juiced
  1/4 cup fresh parsley, chopped
  1 tbsp fresh dill, minced
  1/4 tsp garlic powder
  Salt and pepper, to taste
  
DIRECTIONS:
Whisk together all ingredients into a small bowl. Taste
and adjust salt and pepper as needed. Cover and
refrigerate.
8
 
 Monday Rally
Greek Gyro Bowls with Quinoa and
Tzatziki 
4 SERVINGS
INGREDIENTS :
-Marinated Tempeh
-Tzatziki
-Pickled Onions (half)
-Quinoa (the remaining cooked quinoa
from sweet potato burger prep)
 
Additional ingredients:
-Sliced cucumber (use the remaining
half from Tzatziki)
-Sliced tomatoes
-Butter lettuce (to make wraps if
desired)
DIRECTIONS :
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees and line a baking sheet with parchment
paper. Place the marinated tempeh evenly on the baking sheet. Save the
marinade. Bake for 10 minutes then drizzle some of the marinade over the
top and bake for another 5-10 minutes. While the tempeh is baking, reheat
the quinoa by placing into the microwave for 30 second intervals, stirring
between. Or, reheat on the stovetop over medium-low heat, stirring until
heated through. Assemble the bowls by placing quinoa at the bottom,
followed by the marinated tempeh, butter lettuce, sliced tomatoes, sliced
cucumber, Tzatziki, and pickled onions. Finish with freshly ground black
pepper if desired.
9
 
 Tuesday Rally
Tahini Lemon Kale Caesar with
Broccolini & Crispy Chickpeas
4 SERVINGS
INGREDIENTS :
-Broccolini
-Crispy Chickpeas
-Tahini Caesar
 
Additional ingredients:
-2 bunches tuscan kale, washed dried,
and chopped (or 1 bunch for 2 servings
and 3 bunches for 6 servings)
-1 tbsp olive oil (or 1/2 tablespoon for 2
servings and 1 1/2 tablespoons for 6
servings)
-1 lemon, juiced (or 1/2 for 2 servings
and 1 1/2 for 6 servings)
-Sesame seeds
DIRECTIONS :
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees and place the broccolini on a lined
baking sheet. Reheat uncovered for about 10-15 minutes until heated
through. While the broccoli reheats, add chopped kale, olive oil, and lemon
juice in a large bowl. Use your hands to massage the kale until it begins to
soften. Toss the massaged kale with desired amount of tahini caesar. 
Divide the salad into equal servings and top with crispy chickpeas. Serve
with broccolini and sesame seeds on top.
10
 
 Wednesday Rally
Chipotle Black Bean & Sweet Potato
Burgers with Roasted Green Beans
4 SERVINGS
INGREDIENTS :
–Chipotle Black Bean & Sweet
Potato Burger Patties
-Roasted Green Beans
 
Additional ingredients:
-Garlic
-Mayo
-Burger buns
-Butter lettuce
-Sliced tomato
-Sliced white onion
DIRECTIONS :
Preheat the oven to 300 degrees and line 2 baking sheets with parchment
paper. Place the burger patties onto one of the baking sheets, and the
green beans onto the other baking sheet. Heat both baking sheets at the
same time for about 20-25 minutes until heated through. While the food
reheats, whisk together ¼ cup mayo with 2 cloves crushed garlic. If you
want a little more heat, add a bit of adobo sauce leftover from the canned
chipotles. Assemble the burgers by spreading some of the garlic mayo
onto the buns, followed by lettuce, tomato, sliced onion, and the patty.
Serve with green beans on the side.
11
 
 Thursday Rally
Pinto Bean Tostadas with Leftover
Broccolini & Green Beans
4 SERVINGS
INGREDIENTS :
-Refried Pinto Beans
-Pickled Carrots
-Pickled Onions (1/2)
-Leftover Broccolini & Green Beans 
 
Additional ingredients:
-Neutral cooking oil – such as avocado
or vegetable oil
-8 corn tortillas (or 4 for 2 servings and
12 for 6 servings)
-Shredded lettuce
-Avocado slices
-Sour cream
-Jalapeño slices 
-Lime wedges
DIRECTIONS :
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees and line a baking sheet. Spread any
leftover broccoli and green beans on the skillet and place in the oven for
10-15 minutes until reheated. While the vegetables reheat, heat a deep
skillet over medium heat and add enough oil to fry tortillas in, about ½”.
Once the oil is sizzling, add a corn tortilla and fry for about 30 seconds per
side until crisp. Remove from the pan and onto a paper towel lined plate to
drain. Repeat with remaining corn tortillas.  Heat a saucepan over medium
heat and add the pinto beans. Heat, stirring frequently, until heated
through. Assemble the tostadas by adding a generous amount of refried
beans, followed by shredded lettuce, avocado slices, sour cream, pickled
carrot ribbons, pickled onions, and serve with jalapeño slices and lime
wedges if desired. Serve tostadas with any leftover broccolini and green
beans. 
Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)