1
  
MENU FOR 8/06/24
Monday - Salmon Burgers with Asparagus and Green Goddess Sauce
Tuesday - Chicken Paillard with Orzo and Peas
Wednesday - Moo Shoo Chicken in Tortillas with Green Beans
Thursday - Quesadillas with Peppers and Onions, Green Beans, and Salad with Green Goddess Sauce
  
DINI'S TIPS & TRICKS
Here are some tips, tricks, and alternate serving ideas for this weeks prep!
Make this week lighter
-Pan fry some cauliflower rice instead of the orzo, and serve it with peas and Green Goddess Dressing
-Use almond flour to coat the chicken and keep this low carb
Make this week more KID FRIENDLY
-Serve the salmon burgers in buns or pitas
-Serve the Chicken Paillard in baguettes, to make sandwiches. Keep the orzo on the side
Other TIPS + NOTES 
-Use extra pasta for quick kid lunches 
-Use the pesto in sandwiches for lunches throughout the week and if you still have extra you can freeze in silicon ice
cube trays for later use.
-For an additional easy side dish always consider keeping the following on hand:
frozen peas 
frozen edamame
2
frozen cauliflower rice 
fresh salad ingredients
3
Grocery List for the Week of 8/06/24
4 SERVINGS
  
Produce
  36 oz. fresh green beans, trimmed (#1)
  2 bunches asparagus (#2)
  6 lemons (#3, #4, #7 + for assembly)
  5 sage leaves (#4)
  3 cloves garlic (#5, #7)
  1 small knob ginger (#5)
  8 oz. cremini mushrooms (#5)
  8 cups shredded green cabbage (#5)
  1 bunch scallions (#5)
  2 onions (#6)
  2 red bell peppers (#6)
  1 bunch parsley (#6, #7)
  1 bunch basil (#6)
  1 bunch dill (#7)
  Optional salad ingredients for quesadilla night
Pantry
  Olive oil
  Salt
  Black pepper
  2 cups orzo (#3)
  5 tablespoons flour (any kind) (#4)
  3/4 cup vegetable or chicken stock (#4)
  1/4 cup low sodium soy sauce (#5)
  Toasted sesame oil (#5)
  1/4 cup hoisin sauce (alternative would be BBQ sauce mixed with teriyaki!) (#5)
  1 cup panko breadcrumbs (#6)
  1 piece whole wheat sandwich bread (#6)
  Onion powder (#6)
  Old Bay seasoning (#6)
  Apple cider vinegar (#7)
  1/2 cup mayonnaise (#7)
  6 optional burger buns for salmon burgers
  8 moo shoo pancakes or very thin tortillas
  16 large tortillas for quesadillas
  1 (24 oz.) bottle marinara sauce
Dairy / frozen
  1 cup frozen peas (#3)
  6 cups shredded mozzarella cheese
 
Poultry / meat / fish
  9 boneless, skinless chicken breasts (#4, #5)
  1.5 lb. fresh salmon, skin and bones removed (or pre-ground or finely chopped salmon) (#6)
4
Sunday Prep for the Week of 8/06/24
4 SERVINGS
1. Roasted Green Beans
  
INGREDIENTS:
  36 oz. fresh green beans, trimmed
  2 tablespoons oil
  Salt and pepper, to taste
  
DIRECTIONS:
Line a (pareve) baking sheet with tin foil or parchment
and spread green beans out in a single layer. Drizzle
with olive oil, salt, and pepper. Then bake in 425° oven
for 15-20 minutes until cooked through and golden. Let
cool and store.
  
2. Roasted Asparagus
  
INGREDIENTS:
  2 bunches asparagus, bottoms trimmed
  2 tablespoons oil
  Salt and pepper, to taste
  
DIRECTIONS:
Line a (pareve or dairy) baking sheet with tin foil or
parchment and spread asparagus out in a single layer.
Drizzle with olive oil, salt, and pepper. Then bake in 425°
oven for 10-15 minutes until cooked through and golden.
Let cool and store.
  
3. Orzo with Peas
  
INGREDIENTS:
  2 cups orzo
  1 cup frozen peas
  1/2 lemon, zested and juiced
  1 tablespoon olive oil
  Salt and pepper, to season
  
DIRECTIONS:
Fill a medium (meat or pareve) pot with water and bring
to a boil with a pinch of salt. Add orzo and cook 7-9
minute or according to package instruction. Drain, rinse,
and place in storage container. Mix in frozen peas, lemon
zest and juice, olive oil, and season with salt and pepper.
Store.
  
4. Chicken Paillard
  
INGREDIENTS:
  8 boneless, skinless chicken breasts, pounded
thin (butterflied) and cut in half
  Salt and pepper, to season
  5 tablespoons flour for dusting
  Oil for frying
  3/4 cup vegetable stock
  1 lemon, zested and juiced
  
DIRECTIONS:
Season all sides of the chicken with salt and pepper and
then dredge in the flour. Shake off any excess. Heat half
of the oil in a large (meat) frying pan and pan fry on
medium-high heat until deeply golden and crisp, about
2-3 minutes per side. Flip and cook on the other side
until completely cooked through. Continue with remaining
chicken. Set aside 3 pieces of chicken and reserve for
5
  5 sage leaves the moo shoo chicken. In the same pan as you fried the
chicken, add the stock, zest and juice of a lemon, and
sage, scraping up the bits at the bottom of the pan. Bring
to a boil and then let simmer for 4-5 minutes until slightly
thickened and reduced. Place remaining 5 chicken
breasts in a storage container and pour sauce over. Let
cool and store.
  
5. Moo Shoo Filling
  
INGREDIENTS:
  3 tablespoons oil
  2 cloves garlic, minced
  2 teaspoons ginger, minced
  8 oz. cremini mushrooms, roughly chopped
  8 cups green cabbage, thinly shredded
  1/4 cup low sodium soy sauce
  1 teaspoon toasted sesame oil
  1/4 cup hoisin sauce
  3 reserved cooked chicken breasts, thinly sliced
into strips
  3 scallions, thinly sliced
  
DIRECTIONS:
Heat a large (meat) pan with olive oil and add the garlic
and ginger. Sauté for 2-3 minuets until fragrant. Add the
mushrooms and sauté for an additional 5 minutes until
softened. Add the cabbage, soy sauce, sesame oil, and
hoisin sauce. Cook for about 10 minutes, mixing around
until the cabbage has fully softened. Add the reserved
sliced chicken and scallions and continue to cook for the
final 2-3 minutes until everything has blended together.
Let cool and store.
  
6. Salmon Burgers + Sautéed Peppers and Onions
  
INGREDIENTS:
  Oil for frying
  2 onions, diced
  2 large red bell peppers, diced
  1.5 lb. fresh salmon, deboned, skinned and
finely chopped
  1 cup panko, divided
  1 piece whole wheat sandwich bread moistened
under water and wrung out
  1/4 cup fresh parsley, finely chopped
  1/4 cup fresh basil, finely chopped
  3/4 teaspoon salt
  1/4 teaspoon pepper
  1/4 teaspoon onion powder
  1 teaspoon old bay seasoning
  1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce
  1 egg, whisked
  
DIRECTIONS:
In a large (pareve or dairy) non-stick pan, heat 1
tablespoon of oil (or 1/2 tablespoon for 2 servings, and 1
1/2 tablespoons for 6 servings). Sauté the onions and
peppers on medium heat until softened. Place 1 cup (or
1/2 cup for 2 servings, and 1 1/2 cups for 6 servings) in a
large mixing bowl (for the salmon burgers) and store the
remainder for later in the week for the quesadillas. Mix
salmon, 3/4 of the panko, sandwich bread, basil, parsley,
salt, pepper, onion powder, old bay seasoning,
Worcestershire sauce, and egg together with the
peppers and onions in the bowl. Form burgers and coat
tops and bottoms with remaining panko. Place in a
baking dish and store in the refrigerate covered to bake
fresh the next day. Alternatively you can bake or fry now.
Heat a few tablespoons of oil in a pan on medium-high
heat and pan fry until crisp and golden on both sides.
You can also bake them at 400° for 15-20 minutes.
  
7. Green Goddess Sauce
  
INGREDIENTS:
  
DIRECTIONS:
6
  1 cup parsley, roughly torn
  1/2 cup fresh dill
  2 lemons, juiced
  2 tablespoons apple cider vinegar
  1 clove garlic, peeled
  1/2 cup olive oil
  1/2 teaspoon salt
  1/4 teaspoon pepper
  1/2 cup mayonnaise
In a food processor or a cup with immersion blender,
combine all ingredients and blend until smooth. Store.
7
 
 Monday Rally
Salmon Burgers with Asparagus and
Green Goddess Sauce
4 SERVINGS
INGREDIENTS :
– Salmon burgers
– Asparagus
– Green goddess sauce, half
Additional Ingredients:
-Buns, optional
-Side salad ingredients, optional
DIRECTIONS :
Cook salmon burgers according to directions above if you haven’t done so
yet. Otherwise, warm in a 300° oven (uncovered) for 25-30 minutes until
heated and crisp. Heat asparagus (uncovered) in the same oven for 20
minutes until warm. Serve salmon burgers with the green goddess sauce
and asparagus. You can serve the burgers on their own, in a salad, in
buns, or any other way you like!
8
 
 Tuesday Rally
Chicken Paillard with Orzo and Peas
4 SERVINGS
INGREDIENTS :
– Chicken paillard
– Orzo with peas
Additional Ingredients:
-Lemon, optional for serving
–
DIRECTIONS :
Heat chicken (covered) in 300° oven for 25-30 minutes until warmed
through. Heat orzo in the same oven (covered) for 15 minutes until just
heated or serve room temperature. Serve together with extra lemon.
9
 
 Wednesday Rally
Moo Shoo Chicken in Tortillas with
Green Beans
4 SERVINGS
INGREDIENTS :
– Moo shoo chicken
– Green beans, half
Additional Ingredients:
-thin tortillas
-hoisin sauce
DIRECTIONS :
Heat moo shoo chicken in a large frying pan, mixing around until heated
through. Alternatively you can heat covered in a 300° oven for 30-35
minutes until hot. Heat green beans in the same oven (uncovered) for 20
minutes until warmed through. Serve moo shoo chicken in heated tortillas
topped with extra hoisin sauce. Serve with green beans on the side.
10
 
 Thursday Rally
Quesadillas with Peppers and Onions,
Green Beans, and Salad with Green
Goddess Sauce
4 SERVINGS
INGREDIENTS :
– Reserved peppers and onions
– Green beans, half
– Green goddess sauce, half
Additional Ingredients:
-Side salad, optional
-Large tortillas
-1 (24 oz.) bottle marinara sauce (or 12
oz. for 2 servings, and 32 oz. for 6
servings)
-6 cups shredded mozzarella
cheese (or 3 cups for 2 servings, and 9
cups for 6 servings)
DIRECTIONS :
Heat green beans in oven for 15 minutes to warm through or serve room
temperature. Chop up a quick salad if desired to serve with green goddess
sauce. Grease a (dairy) frying pan with oil and heat on medium-high heat.
Add a tortilla. Spread with sauce, shredded mozzarella, and add some of
the reserved peppers and onions. Top with another tortilla and flip once
golden. Cook on the other side until cheese fully melts and tortilla
becomes golden. Continue with remaining tortillas forming quesadillas. Cut
each finished quesadilla into quarters and serve with green beans, and
optional salad with green goddess sauce.
Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)