1
  
MENU FOR 10/06/24
Monday - Herb Crusted Cod with Pomegranate Relish + Acorn Squash + Side Salad
Tuesday - Pan-Roasted Chicken with Grapes + Olives + Smashed Brussels
Wednesday - Cider Braised Short Ribs with Pomegranate Relish + Maple Curry Roasted Carrots
Thursday - Roasted Squash & Feta Gnocchi with Side Salad + Smashed Brussels
  
DINI'S TIPS & TRICKS
Mince 13 garlic cloves all at once at the start of your prep day and use that for all the recipes.
Make this week GLUTEN-FREE by using gluten free gnocchi.
Substitute the carrots for green beans if desired.
Swap the acorn squash for any winter squash such as butternut or delicata. 
Substitute the white wine for chicken stock when deglazing the short ribs.
If you can’t find apple cider, look for unfiltered honeycrisp apple juice.
Sub salmon, halibut, or any other favorite seafood for the cod if desired!
Swap the cilantro with any other herbs like parsley or basil for the herb crusted cod.
2
Grocery List for the Week of 10/06/24
4 SERVINGS
  
Produce
  13 cloves garlic (#1, #2, #3)
  2 cups red grapes (#1)
  2 shallots (#1)
  1 sweet onion (#2)
  6 sprigs thyme (#2, #8)
  4 medium acorn squashes (#3)
  2 pounds carrots (#4)
  4 pounds brussels sprouts (#5)
  1/2 cup chopped cilantro (#6)
  1 cup chopped parsley (#6, #7)
  2 tablespoons chives (#6)
  1 teaspoon grated ginger (#6)
  2 cups pomegranate arils (#7)
  1/3 cup red onion (#7)
  2 lemons (#7, #8)
  16 cups mixed greens
  2 granny smith apples
Pantry
  Avocado oil
  Extra virgin olive oil
  Salt
  Black pepper
  Curry powder
  Garlic powder
  1/3 cup honey (#1, #6, #7, #8)
  2 cups green olives (#1)
  2 tablespoons all purpose flour (#2)
  1 cup dry white wine (#2)
  1 tablespoon dijon mustard (#2)
  1 cup chicken stock (#2)
  1 cup apple cider (#2)
  2 tablespoons maple syrup (#4)
  1/2 tablespoon soy sauce (#6)
  2 teaspoons sesame oil (#6)
  1/2 tablespoon red wine vinegar (#7)
  1 teaspoon dijon mustard (#8)
  2 tablespoons mayonnaise (#8)
  1 cup pepitas
  1 pound potato gnocchi
Dairy / frozen
  6 ounce block feta cheese (#3)
  1/4 cup half and half (#3)
Poultry / meat / fish
  1 whole chicken (#1)
3
  4 pounds bone-in short ribs (#2)
  2 pounds skin-on cod (#6)
4
Sunday Prep for the Week of 10/06/24
4 SERVINGS
1. Marinated Whole Chicken
  
INGREDIENTS:
  1 whole chicken, cut into eighths
  2 cups red grapes
  2 cups green olives
  2 shallots, thinly sliced
  1/4 cup extra virgin olive oil
  1/4 cup honey
  8 cloves garlic, minced
  2 teaspoons salt
  1 teaspoon ground black pepper
  
DIRECTIONS:
Whisk together the oil, honey, shallot, garlic, salt, and
pepper until well combined. Add the chicken, grapes, and
olives and submerge in the marinade. Cover and
refrigerate.
  
2. Cider Braised Short Ribs
  
INGREDIENTS:
  4 pounds bone-in short ribs
  2 tablespoons all purpose flour
  Pinch salt and pepper
  2 tablespoon avocado oil
  1 sweet onion, thinly sliced
  1 cup dry white wine (or sub chicken stock)
  1 tablespoon dijon mustard
  1 cup chicken stock
  1 cup apple cider
  4 garlic cloves, minced
  3 sprigs fresh thyme
  
DIRECTIONS:
Preheat the oven to 325 degrees Fahrenheit. Toss the
short ribs with the flour and a generous pinch of salt and
pepper. Once coated, heat a dutch oven over medium
high heat and add the avocado oil. Sear each side of the
short ribs for about 3 minutes to form a crust. Remove
from the pan. Add the onions to the hot pan and saute
for about 3-5 minutes or until tender. Add the dijon and
stir. Pour the wine in the pot to deglaze the pan, then
add the short ribs back into the pot, followed by the
chicken stock, apple cider, garlic, and thyme. Once
simmering, cover and place into the oven to braise for
2.5-3 hours or until the short ribs are tender. Remove
from the oven, let cool, cover, and refrigerate in the pot.
  
3. Roasted Squash + Feta Pasta Sauce
  
INGREDIENTS:
  4 medium-large acorn squash, sliced ½ inch
thick into half moons
  2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
  Generous pinch salt and pepper
  6 ounce block feta cheese
  1/4 cup half and half
  2 cloves garlic, minced
  
DIRECTIONS:
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees Fahrenheit. On a
baking sheet or in a large bowl, toss the squash with the
oil and a pinch of salt and pepper. Spread the squash in
a single even layer on the baking sheet. Transfer to the
oven and roast for about 15-20 minutes, until fork tender
and browned. Broil on high for 2-3 minutes, if desired for
further browning. Let cool and reserve ¼ of the acorn
squash for the sauce. Cover and refrigerate the rest. Use
your hands to peel the skin off the squash for the sauce.
It should come off easily. Add the peeled squash to a
5
food processor along with the feta cheese, half and half,
and garlic. Pulse until smooth, about 30 seconds to 1
minute. Cover and refrigerate.
  
4. Maple Curry Roasted Carrots
  
INGREDIENTS:
  2 pounds carrots, scrubbed and halved
lengthwise
  1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil
  2 tablespoons maple syrup
  1.5 teaspoons curry powder
  1/2 teaspoon salt and pepper, or to taste
  
DIRECTIONS:
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees Fahrenheit. On a
baking sheet or in a large bowl, toss the halved carrots
with the oil, maple syrup, curry powder, salt, and pepper.
Spread the carrots in a single even layer on the baking
sheet. Transfer to the oven and roast for about 20
minutes, until fork tender and browned. Broil on high for
2-3 minutes, if desired for further browning. Let cool, then
cover and refrigerate.
  
5. Smashed Brussels Sprouts
  
INGREDIENTS:
  4 pounds brussel sprouts, bottoms trimmed
  
DIRECTIONS:
Bring a large pot of water to boil. When the water is at a
rolling boil, carefully add the brussels sprouts to the hot
water. Boil for 5-7 minutes, until partially tender. Strain or
remove the brussels from the hot water, then
immediately plunge the brussels in a bowl of ice water to
blanch. Strain or remove the brussels from the ice water
and spread in a single even layer on a work surface. Use
the back of a measuring cup or jar to smash the brussels
while they’re still warm. Let cool completely, then cover
and refrigerate.
  
6. Herbed Crusted Cod
  
INGREDIENTS:
  2 pounds skin-on cod
  1/2 cup cilantro, finely chopped
  1/2 cup parsley, finely chopped
  2 tablespoons chives, finely chopped
  1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil
  1 tablespoon honey
  1/2 tablespoon soy sauce
  2 teaspoons sesame oil
  1 teaspoon grated ginger
  Pinch of salt and pepper
  
DIRECTIONS:
Place the cod onto a baking sheet. In a small bowl, whisk
together the remaining ingredients. Pour the herb mixture
all over the cod and spread evenly. Cover the sheet pan
and refrigerate.
6
7. Pomegranate Relish
  
INGREDIENTS:
  1/3 cup extra virgin olive oil
  1/2 tablespoon red wine vinegar
  1/2 tablespoon lemon juice
  1 tablespoon honey
  1/2 teaspoon salt
  1/3 cup red onion, finely chopped
  2 cups pomegranate arils
  1/2 cup chopped fresh parsley
  
DIRECTIONS:
Whisk together all ingredients until the salt. Then add in
the onion, pomegranate and parsley. Mix until well
combined. Cover and refrigerate.
  
8. Creamy Lemon Thyme Vinaigrette
  
INGREDIENTS:
  2 tablespoons lemon juice
  2 teaspoons lemon zest
  1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh thyme
  1 teaspoon dijon mustard
  1/3 cup extra virgin olive oil
  1 tablespoon honey
  1/4 teaspoon salt and ground black pepper, or
to taste
  
DIRECTIONS:
Add all ingredients to a medium bowl or mason jar.
Whisk or shake with the lid on until the ingredients are
well combined and emulsified. Cover and refrigerate.
7
 
 Monday Rally
Herb Crusted Cod with Pomegranate
Relish + Acorn Squash + Side Salad
4 SERVINGS
INGREDIENTS :
Herb Crusted Cod
Roasted Acorn Squash 
Pomegranate Relish (½)
Creamy Lemon Thyme Vinaigrette (½)
 
Additional Ingredients: 
8 cups mixed greens (or 4 cups for 2
servings and 12 cups for 6 servings)
½ cup pepitas (or ¼ cup for 2 servings
and ¾ cup for 6 servings)
1 granny smith apple, thinly sliced (or
½ apple for 2 servings and 1 ½ apples
for 6 servings)
DIRECTIONS :
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees Fahrenheit and remove the cod from the
refrigerator. Transfer the cod to the oven and cook for 12-15 minutes or
until cooked through (cook time will vary depending on size and thickness
of the fish). At the halfway mark, place the acorn squash on a baking sheet
and reheat in the oven for 5-7 minutes or until warmed through.
Meanwhile, in a large bowl, toss the mixed greens with the pepitas, granny
smith apples, and half of the prepared vinaigrette. Serve the cod with the
pomegranate relish spooned on top and the salad and squash on the side.
8
 
 Tuesday Rally
Pan-Roasted Chicken with Grapes +
Olives + Smashed Brussels
4 SERVINGS
INGREDIENTS :
Marinated Whole Chicken
Smashed Brussels (½)
 
Additional Ingredients:
1 ½ tablespoons extra virgin olive
oil (or ¾ tablespoon for 2 servings and
2 tablespoons for 6 servings)
Salt and pepper, to taste
Garlic powder, to taste
DIRECTIONS :
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees Fahrenheit. Place the chicken, grapes,
and olives into a large skillet or baking sheet. Sprinkle a pinch of salt and
pepper over both sides of the chicken. Transfer the skillet to the oven and
roast uncovered on the center rack for about 60 minutes or until the
internal temperature reaches 165 degrees. s or until the chicken is cooked
through. Remove from the oven and let rest for about 10 minutes before
serving. While the chicken is roasting, spread the brussels sprouts in a
single even layer on an oiled baking sheet. Use a basting brush to brush
with the olive oil, then sprinkle with a generous pinch of salt, pepper, and
garlic powder. Place the oven on a high broil. Transfer to the oven and
broil for 6-8 minutes, or until crisp and browned in some spots. Serve the
roasted chicken with the crispy smashed brussels sprouts on the side.
9
 
 Wednesday Rally
Cider Braised Short Ribs with
Pomegranate Relish + Maple Curry
Roasted Carrots
4 SERVINGS
INGREDIENTS :
Cider Braised Short Ribs
Pomegranate Relish (½)
Maple Curry Roasted Carrots
DIRECTIONS :
Remove the short ribs from the refrigerator. Preheat the oven to 325
degrees Fahrenheit. Transfer the pot of short ribs to the oven and reheat
for 20-30 minutes or until warmed through and the ribs are tender/fall
apart. Place the carrots on a baking sheet and reheat for about 20 minutes
or until warmed through. Broil for 2-3 minutes for extra crispiness if
desired. Serve the short ribs with the pomegranate relish spooned on top
and the roasted carrots on the side.
10
 
 Thursday Rally
Roasted Squash & Feta Gnocchi with
Side Salad + Smashed Brussels
4 SERVINGS
INGREDIENTS :
Roasted Squash & Feta Sauce 
Creamy Lemon Thyme Vinaigrette (½)
Smashed Brussels (½)
 
Additional Ingredients:
1 pound potato gnocchi (or ½ pound for
2 servings and 1 ½ pounds for 6
servings)
1 ½ tablespoons extra virgin olive
oil (or ¾ tablespoon for 2 servings and
2 tablespoons for 6 servings)
Salt, to taste
Pinch ground black pepper, or to taste
Garlic powder, to taste
8 cups mixed greens (or 4 cups for 2
servings and 12 cups for 6 servings)
½ cup pepitas (or ¼ cup for 2 servings
and ¾ cup for 6 servings)
1 granny smith apple, thinly sliced (or
½ apple for 2 servings and 1 ½ apples
for 6 servings)
DIRECTIONS :
Preheat the oven to high broil. Spread the smashed brussels sprouts in a
single even layer on an oiled baking sheet. Use a basting brush to brush
with the olive oil, then sprinkle with a generous pinch of salt, pepper, and
garlic powder. Transfer to the oven and broil for 6-8 minutes, or until crisp
and browned in some spots. Meanwhile, cook the gnocchi according to
package directions and reserve about 1 cup of the cooking water. Place
the squash feta sauce into a frying pan over medium heat. Bring to a
simmer. Pour the cooked gnocchi into the simmering sauce, and add ¼
cup cooking water or until desired sauce consistency is reached. Remove
from the heat. In a large bowl, toss the mixed greens with the pepitas,
granny smith apples, and the vinaigrette. Serve the gnocchi with the crispy
brussels and salad on the side.
Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)