1
  
MENU FOR 10/20/24
Monday - Sea Bass with Chermoula, Balsamic Garlic Broccolini, + Caramelized Onion Roasted Root Vegetables
Tuesday - Pumpkin Beef Bolognese with Autumn Side Salad
Wednesday - Maple Miso Glazed Chicken with Balsamic Garlic Broccolini
Thursday - Caramelized Onion Root Veggie Pasta Bake with Autumn Side Salad
  
DINI'S TIPS & TRICKS
Mince 8 garlic cloves all at once at the start of your prep day and use that for all the recipes.
Make this week GLUTEN-FREE by using gluten-free pasta.
Use your favorite jarred marinara sauce for the bolognese.
Use any root vegetables you prefer, such as turnips.
Substitute the broccolini with green beans or asparagus if desired.
Swap rosemary or sage for other woody herbs like oregano, thyme
2
Grocery List for the Week of 10/20/24
4 SERVINGS
  
Produce
  8 garlic cloves (#1, #4, #5, #7)
  5 large carrots (#1, #2)
  2 celery stalks (#1)
  3.5 sweet onions (#1, #2)
  3 parsnips (#2)
  1 large sweet potato (#2)
  1 large white sweet potato (#2)
  3 large beets (#2)
  2 sprigs rosemary (#2)
  1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh sage (#6)
  1 tablespoon finely chopped rosemary (#6)
  5 heads broccolini (#4)
  2 shallots (#5)
  2 honeycrisp apples (#5)
  2 lemons (#6, #7)
  1/2 orange (#6)
  2 cups cilantro (#7)
  1 cup parsley (#7)
  16 cups arugula or mixed greens
Pantry
  Avocado oil
  Extra virgin olive oil
  Salt
  Black pepper
  Ground cumin
  Ground coriander
  1/2 cup dry red wine (#1)
  1 , 20 ounce jar sugar-free marinara sauce (#1)
  1 cup pumpkin puree (not pumpkin pie filling!) (#1)
  3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar (#4)
  1/3 cup honey (#4, #5, #6)
  2 tablespoons pure maple syrup (#5)
  2.5 tablespoons white miso paste (#5)
  1 cup all purpose flour (#5)
  1 cup chicken stock (#5)
  1 tablespoon dijon mustard (#6)
  1 pound spaghetti pasta
  1 pound rigatoni pasta
  1 cup dried cranberries
  1 cup chopped walnuts
Dairy / frozen
  1 cup ricotta cheese (#3)
  1/2 cup grated parmesan cheese (#3)
  1 cup shredded mozzarella cheese (#3)
  1/2 cup milk (#3)
3
Poultry / meat / fish
  1 pound ground beef (#1)
  4 large chicken breasts (#5)
  4 , 4-6oz Sea Bass Filets
4
Sunday Prep for the Week of 10/20/24
4 SERVINGS
1. Pumpkin Beef Bolognese
  
INGREDIENTS:
  1 pound ground beef
  2 large carrots, finely diced
  2 celery stalks, finely diced
  1/2 sweet onion, finely diced
  2 cloves garlic, minced
  1/2 cup dry red wine
  1 , 20 ounce jar marinara sauce
  1 cup pure pumpkin puree (not pumpkin pie
filling!)
  
DIRECTIONS:
Heat a large saucepan over medium heat and add the
ground beef and a pinch of salt and pepper. Once the
beef is cooked, remove from the pan. Add the carrots,
celery, and onion to the hot pan and saute for about 3-5
minutes. Add the garlic and saute for another minute.
Add the red wine and let cook down for about 1 minute,
then add the cooked ground beef, marinara sauce, and
pumpkin. Stir until combined, and let simmer for about
20-30 minutes. Remove from the heat, let cool, cover,
and refrigerate.
  
2. Roasted Root Vegetables
  
INGREDIENTS:
  3 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
  3 large sweet onions, thinly sliced
  3 carrots, peeled
  3 parsnips, peeled
  1 large sweet potato, peeled
  1 large white sweet potato, peeled
  3 large beets, peeled
  Generous pinch salt and pepper, or to taste
  2 sprigs rosemary
  
DIRECTIONS:
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees Fahrenheit and line two
large baking sheets. Chop all the vegetables into similar
size pieces, about ½”-1” thick. Place the chopped
vegetables and thinly sliced onions onto the lined baking
sheets. Drizzle with the olive oil, and a generous pinch of
salt and pepper. Toss to coat and spread evenly. Place
the rosemary sprigs on each pan. Transfer to the oven
and roast undisturbed for 25-30 minutes or until the
vegetables are fork tender. Broil if desired for 2-3
minutes for extra crispiness. Let cool, cover, and
refrigerate.
  
3. Ricotta Sauce
  
INGREDIENTS:
  1 cup ricotta cheese
  1 cup shredded mozzarella cheese
  1/2 cup grated parmesan cheese
  1/2 cup milk
  1/2 teaspoon salt and pepper, or to taste
  
DIRECTIONS:
Add all ingredients to a medium bowl and stir well to
combine. Cover and refrigerate.
  
4. Balsamic Garlic Broccolini
5
  
INGREDIENTS:
  2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil
  5 heads broccolini, washed and trimmed
  3 tablespoons balsamic vinegar
  1 tablespoon honey
  2 cloves garlic, minced
  Pinch salt and pepper, or to taste
  
DIRECTIONS:
Heat 1-2 large skillets over medium high heat. When the
oil is hot, add the broccolini. Saute, tossing and flipping
the broccolini occasionally, until bright green in color and
beginning to get tender. In a small bowl, whisk together
the balsamic vinegar, honey, garlic, salt, and pepper.
Pour this mixture over the broccolini. Continue to cook,
tossing occasionally, until the broccolini is cooked to your
liking, another 2-3 minutes. Remove from heat, let cool,
cover, and refrigerate.
  
5. Maple Miso Glazed Chicken 
  
INGREDIENTS:
  2 tablepsoons pure maple syrup
  1/4 cup honey
  2.5 tablespoons white miso paste
  4 large chicken breasts, sliced lengthwise
  Salt and pepper, to taste
  1 cup all purpose flour
  2 tablespoons avocado oil
  2 shallots, thinly sliced
  2 garlic cloves, minced
  2 honeycrisp apples, thinly sliced
  1 cup chicken stock
  
DIRECTIONS:
Whisk together the maple syrup, honey, and miso paste
in a small bowl. Set aside. Place the chicken between
two pieces of saran wrap and pound until they are about
½” thick. Season the pounded breasts with salt and
pepper. Place the flour onto a large plate and coat each
piece of chicken in the flour. Heat a large skillet over
medium-high heat and add the avocado oil. Sear each
piece of chicken in the hot skillet for about 2 minutes per
side until golden brown, then remove from the skillet and
set aside. Add the apple and shallot to the skillet and
saute for about 3-5 minutes until tender. Add the garlic
and saute for another minute. Pour the chicken broth into
the pan to deglaze the pan and let simmer for about 2-3
minutes, then add the miso mixture into the pan and
bring to a simmer. Add the chicken back into the skillet
and continue to cook in the sauce, flipping every 2
minutes for about 10 minutes. Remove from the heat, let
cool, cover, and refrigerate.
  
6. Herbed Vinaigrette
  
INGREDIENTS:
  1/2 cup extra virgin olive oil
  1 tablespoon finely chopped fresh sage
  1 tablespoon finely chopped rosemary
  2 tablespoons lemon juice, about 1 small lemon
  2 tablespoons orange juice, about ½ orange
  
DIRECTIONS:
Add all ingredients to a medium bowl or mason jar.
Whisk or shake with the lid on until the ingredients are
well combined and emulsified. Cover and refrigerate.
  
7. Chermoula
  
INGREDIENTS:
  
DIRECTIONS:
6
  2 cups cilantro
  1 cup parsley
  2 cloves garlic, minced
  1 lemon, juiced and zested
  1/2 cup extra virgin olive oil
  1 teaspoon ground cumin
  1 teaspoon ground coriander
  1/2 teaspoon paprika
  1/2 teaspoon salt or to taste
Add all ingredients to a food processor and pulse until all
ingredients are chopped and well combined, but still
chunky. Cover and refrigerate.
7
 
 Monday Rally
Sea Bass with Chermoula, Balsamic
Garlic Broccolini, + Caramelized Onion
Roasted Root Vegetables
4 SERVINGS
INGREDIENTS :
Chermoula
Balsamic Garlic Broccolini (½)
Caramelized Onion Roasted Root
Veggies (all but reserve 4 cups for the
pasta)
 
Additional Ingredients: 
4, 4-6oz Sea Bass Filets (or 2 filets for
2 servings and 6 filets for 6 servings)
2 tablespoons olive oil (or 1 tablespoon
for 2 servings and 3 tablespoons for 6
servings)
Salt and pepper
DIRECTIONS :
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit. Place the root veggies on a
baking sheet and the broccolini on another sheet and reheat for about 10
minutes or until warmed through. Broil for 2-3 minutes if desired for extra
crispiness. Season the sea bass liberally with salt and pepper on both
sides. Preheat a cast iron skillet over medium high heat. When hot the
skillet is hot, add the oil. When the oil is hot, add the filets, working in
batches if needed. Cook for about 5 minutes per side or until the internal
temperature of the fish reaches 140 degrees Fahrenheit. Serve the fish
with the chermoula on top and with the roasted veggies and broccolini on
the side.
8
 
 Tuesday Rally
Pumpkin Beef Bolognese with Autumn
Side Salad
4 SERVINGS
INGREDIENTS :
Pumpkin Beef Bolognese
Herbed Vinaigrette (½)
 
Additional Ingredients:
1 pound spaghetti pasta (or ½ pound
for 2 servings and 1 ½ pounds for 6
servings)
8 cups arugula or mixed greens (or 4
cups for 2 servings and 12 cups for 6
servings)
½ cup dried cranberries or dried
cherries  (or ¼ cup for 2 servings and
¾ cup for 6 servings)
½ cup crushed walnuts (or ¼ cup for 2
servings and ¾ cup for 6 servings)
DIRECTIONS :
Cook the pasta according to package instructions, until al dente. Heat the
pasta sauce in a medium saucepan over medium heat on the stovetop,
stirring occasionally, until warmed through, about 5 minutes. Meanwhile,
cook the spaghetti according to package directions. Strain, then toss the
cooked pasta with the warmed bolognese sauce. In a large bowl, toss the
arugula or mixed greens with the dried cranberries, walnuts, and the
herbed vinaigrette. Serve the pasta with the salad on the side.
9
 
 Wednesday Rally
Maple Miso Glazed Chicken with
Balsamic Garlic Broccolini
4 SERVINGS
INGREDIENTS :
Maple Miso Glazed Chicken
Balsamic Garlic Broccolini (½)
DIRECTIONS :
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees Fahrenheit. Place the chicken in a
baking dish and the broccolini on another baking dish and reheat for about
10 minutes or until warmed through. Serve the miso glazed chicken with
the broccolini on the side.
10
 
 Thursday Rally
Caramelized Onion Root Veggie Pasta
Bake with Autumn Side Salad
4 SERVINGS
INGREDIENTS :
Ricotta Mixture
4 cups Caramelized Onion Roasted
Root Veggies
Herbed Vinaigrette (½)
 
Additional Ingredients:
1 pound rigatoni pasta (or ½ pound for
2 servings and 1 ½ pounds for 6
servings)
8 cups arugula or mixed greens (or 4
cups for 2 servings and 12 cups for 6
servings)
½ cup dried cranberries (or ¼ cup for 2
servings and ¾ cup for 6 servings)
½ cup crushed walnuts (or ¼ cup for 2
servings and ¾ cup for 6 servings)
DIRECTIONS :
Preheat the oven to 400 degrees Fahrenheit. Meanwhile, cook the pasta
according to package instructions, but remove the pasta 3 minutes short of
its cooking time according to package directions. Reserve ½ cup of the
pasta water and strain the pasta. Return the pasta to the pot it was cooked
in and stir in the prepared ricotta mixture and the onion and root vegetable
mixture. Add a splash of the reserved pasta water, as necessary to thin
the mixture. Spread the pasta into a 9x13 inch baking dish. Transfer to the
oven and bake for 15-20 minutes or until the cheese is melted and the
pasta is bubbling. Remove from the oven and let cool for 5 minutes. In a
large bowl, toss the arugula or mixed greens with the dried cranberries,
walnuts, and the herbed vinaigrette. Serve the pasta with the salad on the
side.
Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)