1
  
MENU FOR 10/13/24
Monday - Hard Cider Braised Chicken with Sweet Potatoes, Miso Green Beans, & Salad with Date Vinaigrette &
Pine Nuts
Tuesday - Sweet and Sour Cabbage Meatballs
Wednesday - Festive Butternut Squash Pizza with Miso Green Beans
Thursday - Roasted Sweet Potato & Black Bean Enchiladas with Pumpkin Roja Sauce & Salad with Date Vinaigrette
  
DINI'S TIPS & TRICKS
Mince 9 garlic cloves all at once at the start of your pre prep day and use that for all the recipes.
SWAP any of your favorite green vegetables for the miso green beans - broccoli, or brussels sprouts would
work great.
Make this week GLUTEN-FREE by using gluten-free pizza dough for the butternut squash pizza and gluten-
free tortillas for the enchiladas.
For a less spicy pumpkin roja sauce simply replace the chipotle peppers with jarred fire roasted pepper and
feel free to add in some chili powder for that smoky flavor. 
Use regular potatoes instead of sweet potatoes for the roasted sweet potatoes & pumpkin enchiladas!
Use any of your favorite hard apple ciders for the cider braised chicken.
2
Grocery List for the Week of 10/13/24
4 SERVINGS
  
Produce
  9 cloves garlic ( #2, #4, #5, #6, #7)
  1 small bunch parsley (#1)
  3 small onions (#1, #2, #4)
  1 medium head green cabbage (#1)
  2 fuji apples (#2)
  4 sprigs fresh sage (#2)
  2 sprigs rosemary (#2)
  2 sprigs thyme (#2)
  5 large sweet potatoes (#3)
  3 pounds green beans (#5)
  16 cups mixed greens
Pantry
  Olive oil
  Salt
  Pepper
  Oregano
  Chili powder
  Garlic powder
  Paprika
  Cumin
  4 medjool dates (#7)
  1/2 cup long grain white rice (#1)
  2 28 ounce cans crushed tomatoes (ideally fire-roasted) (#1)
  1/2 cup balsamic vinegar (#1, #2)
  1 cup apricot preserves (#1)
  3/4 cup dark brown sugar (#1)
  3 tablespoons all purpose flour (#2)
  1 20 ounce bottle hard apple cider - sweet or semi-sweet (#2)
  3 tablespoons dijon mustard (#2, #7)
  4.5 tablespoons white miso paste (#1, #5)
  1 13.5 ounce can pure pumpkin puree (#6)
  1/2 cup vegetable broth (#6)
  1 small can chipotle peppers in adobo sauce (#6)
  1 13.5 ounce can black beans (#6)
  1 4 ounce can green chiles (#6)
  8 6-8 inch corn or flour tortillas (#6)
  7 tablespoons red wine vinegar (#7)
  4 tablespoons honey (#2, #7)
  Pine nuts
Dairy / frozen
  1 egg (#1)
  2 pounds frozen and cubed butternut squash (#4)
  1/2 cup sour cream (#6)
  2.5 cups shredded Mexican cheese blend (#6)
  1 store bought pizza crust
  2 cups shredded Mozzarella cheese
  3/4 cup ricotta cheese
3
Poultry / meat / fish
  2 pounds ground beef (#1)
  1 large chicken cut into eighths (#2)
4
Sunday Prep for the Week of 10/13/24
4 SERVINGS
1. Sweet and Sour Cabbage Meatballs 
  
INGREDIENTS:
  2 pounds ground beef
  1 egg
  1 3/4 teaspoons salt
  1/2 teaspoon black pepper
  1 cup parsley, chopped
  1 1/2 teaspoons garlic powder
  1/2 cup long grain rice, uncooked
  1 tablespoon olive oil
  1 small onion, diced
  1 medium head green cabbage, core removed,
and finely shredded
  2 tablespoons miso paste
  2 , 28 ounce cans crushed tomatoes (ideally fire-
roasted)
  1/3 cup balsamic vinegar
  1 cup apricot preserves
  3/4 cup dark brown sugar
  1 cup water
  Salt and pepper, to taste
  
DIRECTIONS:
In a large bowl, combine the ground beef, egg, salt,
pepper, parsley, garlic powder, and uncooked rice. Use
your hands to gently combine until the mixture is fully
incorporated. Do not overmix. Set aside while you
prepare the sauce. Heat a large pot over medium high
heat and add the olive oil. Add the diced onion and
cabbage and season with some salt. Saute for about
8-10 minutes on medium-high heat to soften. Add in the
miso paste and mix around to start breaking it up. Add
the crushed tomatoes, balsamic, apricot preserves,
brown sugar, 1 cup of water, and season with salt and
pepper. Stir to combine and bring to a simmer. Roll the
meat mixture into balls and gently place into the sauce.
Cook covered on medium heat for 60-80 minutes.
Remove from the heat, let cool, cover and refrigerate.
  
2. Hard Cider Braised Chicken
  
INGREDIENTS:
  olive oil
  1 large chicken cut into eighths
  Salt and pepper, to taste
  1 onion, thinly sliced
  2 fuji apples, thinly sliced
  2 cloves garlic, minced
  3 tablespoons all purpose flour
  20 ounce bottle hard apple cider - sweet or semi-
sweet
  2 tablespoons dijon mustard
  3 tablespoons honey
  1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar
  2 sprigs sage
  2 sprigs thyme
  2 sprigs rosemary
  Salt and pepper, to taste
  
DIRECTIONS:
Heat a large dutch oven or shallow pot over medium high
heat. Add the olive oil. Pat the chicken pieces dry and
season with salt and pepper Place the chicken pieces
into the hot pot with oil and brown for about 3 minutes
per side until the skin is crispy. Remove from the pan.
Add the onion and sliced apples to the pan and Saute for
about 3-5 minutes or until the apples begin to soften. Add
the garlic and cook for another minute. Add the flour to
the pot and stir until everything is coated. Add in the hard
apple cider, dijon, honey and balsamic vinegar. Stir to
combine. When the mixture is simmering, reduce the
heat to low and add the chicken pieces back into the pot.
Chicken breast should be skin side down in the liquid to
keep it from drying out. The chicken should not be fully
submerged in the liquid. Place the sage, thyme, and
rosemary on top of the chicken. Cover and let braise for
about 40 minutes and the chicken is soft. Let cool, cover,
and refrigerate in the pot it cooked in.
5
3. Roasted Sweet Potatoes
  
INGREDIENTS:
  5 large sweet potatoes, diced into 1” cubes
  2 tablespoons olive oil
  Salt and pepper, to taste
  
DIRECTIONS:
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees Fahrenheit and line two
large baking sheets (or one large one) with parchment
paper. Toss the diced sweet potatoes with the olive oil
and a generous pinch of salt and pepper until evenly
coated. Spread the potatoes evenly between the baking
sheets and roast for about 20-30 minutes or until tender
and crispy. If desired, broil for 1-3 minutes at the end for
extra crisp. Save 4 cups of the roasted sweet potato for
the enchilada prep. Let the rest cool, cover, and
refrigerate.
  
4. Roasted Butternut Squash
  
INGREDIENTS:
  2 pounds frozen and cubed butternut squash,
ideally thawed
  1 onion, thinly sliced
  2 cloves garlic, minced
  1 tablespoon olive oil
  Salt and pepper, to taste
  
DIRECTIONS:
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees Fahrenheit and line a
large baking sheet with parchment paper. Toss the
butternut squash and onion with the garlic, olive oil, and
a pinch of salt and pepper. Once coated, spread evenly
over the baking sheet and roast for about 25-30 (if
thawed) otherwise 35-45 minutes or until golden. If
desired, broil for 1-2 minutes at the end. Let cool, cover,
and refrigerate.
  
5. Miso Green Beans
  
INGREDIENTS:
  5 tablespoons olive oil
  3 cloves garlic, minced
  2 1/2 tablespoons white miso paste
  3 pounds green beans, trimmed
  Salt and pepper, to taste
  
DIRECTIONS:
Heat a large skillet over medium heat and add the oil.
Add the garlic and saute for 2 minutes until fragrant but
not burnt. Add the miso and mix for another minute. Add
the green beans and season liberally with salt and
pepper. Mix to coat as best as possible- the miso will
seem clumpy but don’t worry! Cover with a lid and let
cook on medium-low heat for 7-10 minutes, mixing
around every so often. Cook until green beans are tender
but crisp. Mix around to distribute the miso and season
with additional salt and pepper as needed. Let cool,
cover, and refrigerate.
  
6. Pumpkin Roja Sauce
  
INGREDIENTS:
  1 , 13.5 ounce can pure pumpkin puree
  1/2 cup sour cream
  
DIRECTIONS:
Prepare the sauce by combining the pumpkin puree,
sour cream, vegetable broth, chipotle peppers and adobo
6
  1/2 cups vegetable broth
  2 chipotle peppers in adobo sauce, chopped +
½ tablespoon adobo sauce*
  1 clove garlic, minced
  1 teaspoon chili powder
  2 teaspoons paprika
  1 teaspoon dried oregano
  3/4 teaspoon cumin
  Salt and pepper to taste
sauce, minced garlic, chili powder, paprika, oregano, and
cumin to a blender. Season liberally with salt and pepper
and blend until smooth. If it seems too thick add a touch
more vegetable broth or water until it's pourable
consistency. Pour into a container, cover, and refrigerate.
Note: If you don’t have a blender for the sauce, you can
whisk all the ingredients in a bowl. Just be sure to finely
chop the chipotle peppers. You can also use an
immersion blender.
  
7. Date Vinaigrette
  
INGREDIENTS:
  4 medjool dates, roughly chopped
  7 tablespoons red wine vinegar
  3 tablespoons lemon juice
  1 tablespoon honey
  1/2 cup olive oil
  1 clove garlic, minced
  1 1/2 teaspoons dijon
  Pinch of salt and pepper, to taste
  
DIRECTIONS:
Place all ingredients together in a wide-mouthed jar or
high powered blender. Blend until smooth. Cover and
refrigerate.
7
 
 Monday Rally
Hard Cider Braised Chicken with Sweet
Potatoes, Miso Green Beans, & Salad
with Date Vinaigrette & Pine Nuts
4 SERVINGS
INGREDIENTS :
Rally Ingredients:
Hard Cider Braised Chicken
Roasted Sweet Potatoes
Miso Green Beans (½) 
Date Vinaigrette (½)
 
Additional Ingredients:
8 cups mixed greens (or 4 cups for 2
servings and 12 cups for 6 servings)
Pine nuts – to garnish
DIRECTIONS :
Preheat the oven to 300 degrees Fahrenheit. Place the pot with the
braised chicken into the oven with the lid on. Reheat for about 30-35
minutes until heated through. Place the sweet potatoes onto a lined baking
sheet, followed by the green beans onto a lined baking sheet. Place into
the oven to reheat along with the chicken for about 20 minutes. Once
heated through, broil the sweet potatoes for about 2-3 minutes until crispy.
In a salad bowl mix together the greens, sweet potatoes, and pine nuts.
Toss with dressing. Serve the braised chicken alongside the salad and
green beans.
8
 
 Tuesday Rally
Sweet and Sour Cabbage Meatballs
4 SERVINGS
INGREDIENTS :
Rally Ingredients:
Sweet and Sour Cabbage Meatballs
 
Additional Ingredients:
Parsley, to serve
DIRECTIONS :
Preheat the oven to 300 degrees Fahrenheit. Place the pot with the
meatballs and cabbage into the oven with the lid on. Reheat for about
30-35 minutes until heated through, stirring halfway through. Serve family-
style in a bowl and garnish with parsley.
9
 
 Wednesday Rally
Festive Butternut Squash Pizza with
Miso Green Beans
4 SERVINGS
INGREDIENTS :
Rally Ingredients:
Roasted Butternut Squash
Miso Green Beans (½)
 
Other Ingredients:
1 store bought pizza crust (or 1/2 for
two servings and 1 1/2 for 6 servings)
Olive oil
½ tablespoon minced garlic (or 1
teaspoon for 2 servings and 3/4
tablespoons for 6 servings)
Salt and pepper, to taste
2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese (or
1 cup for 2 servings and 3 cups for 6
servings)
¾ cup ricotta cheese (or 1/3 cup for 2
servings and 1 cup for 6 servings)
Fresh sage, chopped
Honey, to drizzle
DIRECTIONS :
Preheat the oven according to pizza crust package directions. Place the
dough onto a lined baking sheet. If directions require par-baking the crust,
do that step before assembling the pizza. Drizzle a little olive oil over the
pizza dough along with the minced garlic. Spread evenly over the dough.
Sprinkle with freshly cracked black pepper. Sprinkle the mozzarella evenly
over the dough, leaving a little room on the sides for a crust. Sprinkle the
roasted butternut squash evenly over the mozzarella, followed by dolloping
the ricotta cheese in various spots on the pizza. Bake according to
package directions. Broil at the end for 1-2 minutes Top the pizza with
fresh sage and honey drizzle to serve. While the pizza is baking, reheat
the green beans in the oven on a lined baking sheet for about 15 minutes.
Serve alongside the pizza.
10
 
 Thursday Rally
Roasted Sweet Potato & Black Bean
Enchiladas with Pumpkin Roja Sauce &
Salad with Date Vinaigrette
4 SERVINGS
INGREDIENTS :
Rally Ingredients:
Pumpkin Roja Sauce
Date Vinaigrette (½) 
 
Additional ingredients:
For the filling & assembly
1, 13.5 ounce can black beans, drained
and rinsed (or 1/2 can for 2 servings
and 1 1/2 cans for 6 servings)
4 cups roasted sweet potatoes
reserved from Sunday (or 2 cups for 2
servings and 6 cups for 6 servings)
1, 4 ounce can green chiles (or 1/2 can
for 2 servings and 1 1/2 cans for 6
servings)
½ teaspoon salt (or 1/4 teaspoon for 2
servings and 3/4 teaspoon for 6
servings)
8, 6-8 inch corn or flour tortillas (or 4 for
two servings and 12 for 6 servings)
1 cup shredded Mexican cheese blend
for the filling (or 1/2 cup for 2 servings
and 1 1/2 cups for 6 servings) 
DIRECTIONS :
Preheat the oven to 375 degrees Fahrenheit and grease a 9x13-inch
baking dish with oil. Pour 1 cup of the pumpkin roja sauce into the bottom
of a large 9x13 casserole dish. Set aside. Make the enchilada filling by
combining the black beans, roasted sweet potato, green chiles and salt in
a bowl. Mix to combine. Place a generous amount of filling in the center of
a tortilla, sprinkle with a little cheese, and roll until closed. Place seam-side
down in the baking dish and repeat with the remaining tortillas and filling. If
you’re using corn tortillas and they are too stiff simply heat in a dry pan to
warm through and make more pliable. Pour the remaining sauce over the
top of the enchiladas and sprinkle with the shredded Mexican cheese.
Bake for about 30-40 minutes until heated through and the cheese is
melted. Meanwhile, toss the mixed greens with desired amount of dressing
and pine nuts. Garnish the enchiladas as desired and serve alongside the
salad.
11
1 ½ cups shredded Mexican cheese for
topping (or 3/4 cup for 2 servings and 2
1/4 cup for 6 servings)
 
For serving:
8 cups mixed greens (or 4 cups for 2
servings and 12 cups for 6 servings)
Pine nuts
Cilantro – optional for garnish
Pomegranate seeds – optional for
garnish
Avocado – optional for garnish
Lime – optional for garnish
Jalapeno – optional for garnish
Powered by TCPDF (www.tcpdf.org)